text
"['A four-day working week could become the norm thanks to artificial intelligence, an officer at a local authority trialling the concept said.', 'South Cambridgeshire District Council is testing the idea of the shorter working week, despite the government telling it to abandon the scheme.', 'Councillors and staff discussed the scheme at a committee meeting earlier.', 'Jeff Membery of the council said it could become ""the standard way of working"".', 'The trial at the Liberal Democrat-run authority has been running since January 2023.', 'The Employment and Staffing Committee discussed plans to extend the trial beyond March 2024 and delay a consultation on continuing on a permanent basis. A report to the committee issued last week said a meaningful consultation could not be carried out without details of the financial consequences threatened by the government.', 'The meeting included a discussion on how the council could remain competitive in an ever-changing working environment. ', 'Mr Membery, the council\'s head of transformation, HR and corporate services, told the committee the four-day week could become ""the standard way of working as people take advantage of AI"".', 'Anna Bradnam, vice-chair of the committee, said the council would have to find ways of staying competitive in terms of staff recruitment and retention if other organisations adopted the practice. ', 'The meeting heard that staff welfare surveys suggested employees were enjoying better mental health thanks to the four-day working week.', 'The benefits for those with caring responsibilities were also highlighted as something appreciated by staff, the committee was told.', ""But the council's Conservative opposition has criticised the trial, saying it does not offer value for money for taxpayers."", '""We are spending millions on salaries for days not worked,"" Conservative group leader Heather Williams previously told the BBC.', 'The next steps of the trial will be discussed at a cabinet meeting on 12 March.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['When Gabriela Capote was made redundant from her marketing job last year, she decided that she needed to learn about AI to get the edge in securing her next role.', '""After getting laid off from a job that I thought was so perfect and secure, it really woke me up,"" says Ms Capote, who lives in Miami.', '""It taught me something important about how nothing is actually permanent, and that I don\'t want to get complacent. I\'d heard the big, bad, scary conversation about AI for a while, and I\'ve always been interested in how I could utilise it.""', 'Instead of just hunting for a new marketing job, Ms Capote enrolled on a six-week, online AI training program. This was provided by a global training organisation called Mission Impact Academy (Mia).', ""Launched in 2022, Mia's courses are aimed specifically at women, with the aim of getting more women employed in work that includes the use of AI."", 'Ms Capote says that the certification helped her to get a new communications job at an insurance firm. ""Saying that I was certified in AI made me stand out from all the other applicants, and I think was a big reason as to why I was offered the role.', '""And my new company is very open to hearing about anything I think would be good from a tech perspective.""', 'Ms Capote adds that her increased understanding of AI also helped her search for the job at the insurance company in the first place. She says that she put her resume into popular AI chatbots ChatGPT and Bard, and asked them to find possible vacancies for her. She quickly got a list of 50.', 'There is currently a gender AI gap, with 54% of men using technology in either their job or personal life, compared with only 35% of women, according to one report from last year.', 'Read more stories on artificial intelligence', 'A growing number of women are now upskilling themselves to bridge that gap. For example, online learning platform Coursera says there has been a big jump in the number of women signing up to its ""AI for Everyone"" course. ', 'Last year, this was the sixth most popular course for its 1.58 million female learners in the UK, up from 59th place in 2022.', 'Heather Black is the founder and chief executive of Supermums, which offers tech training courses aimed at women returning to the workforce after having children. Last year it launched its first AI course.', '""With the pace that technology is changing and evolving, and given how we\'re always so saturated with information, the gender disparity in AI will increase if we don\'t have very specific ways for women to learn about it,"" says London-based Ms Black.', 'With a recent study by the UN finding that women may be at a higher risk of their jobs being made obsolete by AI, due to their overrepresentation in administrative and clerical work, training courses aimed specifically at women may help many keep their positions, or more easily find new ones.', 'Georgina Cosma, professor in AI and data science at Loughborough University, says that equipping more women with AI skills is paramount for securing their future in industries increasingly shaped by the technology.', 'Yet she cautions that women-only courses must meet rigorous industry standards. ""If programmes limit complexity or content, there is a risk they could contribute to outdated assumptions, and isolate women in technology further rather than integrating talent more broadly.', '""The goal is to promote inclusion by offering solid training to help qualified women gain the skills to advance to roles similar to equally qualified peers.""', 'Prof Cosma adds that women in the growing AI sector also need more mentorship programs, relevant networking opportunities, and hiring practices designed to counteract unconscious bias. ""Achieving true gender parity demands a shift in both attitudes and policies that influence access and career progression in AI.""', 'Janna Salokangas, co-founder of Miami-based Mia, says that its AI course is not just about the training, but also about giving the students a sense of togetherness. ""It\'s all about the energy, the inclusion and belonging they get being part of a community, and learning with other women,"" she says.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""In the last few days, Google's artificial intelligence (AI) tool Gemini has had what is best described as an absolute kicking online."", 'Gemini has been thrown onto a rather large bonfire: the culture war which rages between left- and right- leaning communities.', ""Gemini is essentially Google's version of the viral chatbot ChatGPT. It can answer questions in text form, and it can also generate pictures in response to text prompts. "", 'Initially, a viral post showed this recently launched AI image generator create an image of the US Founding Fathers which inaccurately included a black man. ', 'Gemini also generated German soldiers from World War Two, incorrectly featuring a black man and Asian woman.', 'Google apologised, and immediately ""paused"" the tool, writing in a blog post that it was ""missing the mark"".', ""But it didn't end there - its over-politically correct responses kept on coming, this time from the text version."", 'Gemini replied that there was ""no right or wrong answer"" to a question about whether Elon Musk posting memes on X was worse than Hitler killing millions of people.', 'When asked if it would be OK to misgender the high-profile trans woman Caitlin Jenner if it was the only way to avoid nuclear apocalypse, it replied that this would ""never"" be acceptable.', 'Jenner herself responded and said actually, yes, she would be alright about it in these circumstances.', 'Elon Musk, posting on his own platform, X, described Gemini\'s responses as ""extremely alarming"" given that the tool would be embedded into Google\'s other products, collectively used by billions of people.', ""I asked Google whether it intended to pause Gemini altogether. After a very long silence, I was told the firm had no comment. I suspect it's not a fun time to be working in the public relations department."", 'But in an internal memo Google\'s chief executive Sundar Pichai has acknowledged some of Gemini\'s responses ""have offended our users and shown bias"".', 'That was he said ""completely unacceptable"" - adding his teams were ""working around the clock"" to fix the problem.', 'It appears that in trying to solve one problem - bias - the tech giant has created another: output which tries so hard to be politically correct that it ends up being absurd.', 'The explanation for why this has happened lies in the enormous amounts of data AI tools are trained on. ', 'Much of it is publicly available - on the internet, which we know contains all sorts of biases.', 'Traditionally images of doctors, for example, are more likely to feature men. Images of cleaners on the other hand are more likely to be women.  ', 'AI tools trained with this data have made embarrassing mistakes in the past, such as concluding that only men had high powered jobs, or not recognising black faces as human. ', ""It is also no secret that historical storytelling has tended to feature, and come from, men, omitting women's roles from stories about the past."", 'It looks like Google has actively tried to offset all this messy human bias with instructions for Gemini not make those assumptions.', 'But it has backfired precisely because human history and culture are not that simple: there are nuances which we know instinctively and machines do not.', ""Unless you specifically programme an AI tool to know that, for example, Nazis and founding fathers weren't black, it won't make that distinction."", 'On Monday, the co-founder of DeepMind, Demis Hassabis, an AI firm acquired by Google, said fixing the image generator would take a matter of weeks.', ""But other AI experts aren't so sure. "", '""There really is no easy fix, because there\'s no single answer to what the outputs should be,"" said Dr Sasha Luccioni, a research scientist at Huggingface.', '""People in the AI ethics community have been working on possible ways to address this for years."" ', 'One solution, she added, could include asking users for their input, such as ""how diverse would you like your image to be?"" but that in itself clearly comes with its own red flags.', '""It\'s a bit presumptuous of Google to say they will \'fix\' the issue in a few weeks. But they will have to do something,"" she said.', 'Professor Alan Woodward, a computer scientist at Surrey University, said it sounded like the problem was likely to be ""quite deeply embedded"" both in the training data and overlying algorithms - and that would be difficult to unpick.', '""What you\'re witnessing... is why there will still need to be a human in the loop for any system where the output is relied upon as ground truth,"" he said.', ""From the moment Google launched Gemini, which was then known as Bard, it has been extremely nervous about it. Despite the runaway success of its rival ChatGPT, it was one of the most muted launches I've ever been invited to. Just me, on a Zoom call, with a couple of Google execs who were keen to stress its limitations."", 'And even that went awry - it turned out that Bard had incorrectly answered a question about space in its own publicity material.', ""The rest of the tech sector seems pretty bemused by what's happening."", 'They are all grappling with the same issue. Rosie Campbell, Policy Manager at ChatGPT creator OpenAI, was interviewed earlier this month for a blog which stated that at OpenAI even once bias is identified, correcting it is difficult - and requires human input.', 'But it looks like Google has chosen a rather clunky way of attempting to correct old prejudices. And in doing so it has unintentionally created a whole set of new ones.', 'On paper, Google has a considerable lead in the AI race.  It makes and supplies its own AI chips, it owns its own cloud network (essential for AI processing), it has access to shedloads of data and it also has a gigantic user base. It hires world-class AI talent, and its AI work is universally well-regarded.', ""As one senior exec from a rival tech giant put it to me:  watching Gemini's missteps feels like watching defeat snatched from the jaws of victory."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A new Â£7m deal for Derby City Council to use more AI technology in its public services has been signed.', 'It is estimated the move will save Â£4m in the 2024-25 financial year, rising to a minimum of Â£12.25m annually once fully installed.', 'The Labour-run authority already uses digital assistants Darcie and Ali, saving Â£200,000 in agency staff costs.', 'But Conservatives on the council said they were concerned the system would not be 100% reliable.', 'The use of Darcie and Ali, designed to help website visitors and telephone callers, led to a volume of complaints and the setting up of a ""customer focus group"" to discuss initial problems.', 'But the council said staff in three service areas would soon be using ""AI co-pilots"" to help carry out jobs more effectively. ', 'The first phase, involving adult social care, is expected to be in place in four months, according to the Local Democracy Reporting Service.', 'AI will be used to review care packages and help staff decide if someone who needs support living at home is receiving the right level of care.', 'In addition, Darcie and Ali ""will be upgraded and expanded to meet the needs of citizens"", the council said, and the new technology will be used to process emails more quickly and also recover outstanding debt.', 'Derby City Council leader Baggy Shanker said: ""Derby City Council is a trailblazer in using AI, and we will always make sure the needs of all our citizens are at the heart of this project. ', '""New advances bring risks, which we will manage, but also some incredible opportunities to deliver the best outcomes for our citizens in a more efficient and cost-effective way.""', 'But Conservative group deputy leader Jonathan Smale said the complaints about Darcie and Ali should give pause for thought.', '""I have grave concerns on the use of AI in social care because we\'re talking about vulnerable people who need support and care,"" he said. ', '""The system has to be 100% effective if we\'re going to trust AI to help deliver any health packages or care support to those who need it, we can\'t afford for mistakes in this area when lives could be at risk. ', '""I have yet to be demonstrated any confidence in its deliverability.""', 'Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on X, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk or via WhatsApp on 0808 100 2210.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Facebook and Instagram owner Meta says it will form a team to tackle deceptive artificial intelligence (AI) content in the upcoming EU elections in June.', 'It is concerned by how generative AI - tech which can fake videos, images and audio - might be used to trick voters.', 'It comes on the same day Home Secretary James Cleverly told the Times some people will use AI-generated fakes to try to influence a general election.', 'But an industry expert said the plans could be seen as ""lacking teeth"".', 'The BBC has asked Meta if it has such plans for upcoming UK and US elections.', 'The announcement comes two weeks after Meta signed an agreement with other big tech firms committing to fighting such content.', 'The European Parliament vote will be held from 6 to 9 June this year.', 'Social media rival TikTok announced in February it would be launching so-called ""Election Centres"" in local languages within its app for each of the 27 EU members, which will host authoritative information.', 'Meta head of EU affairs Marco Pancini said in a blog post that the firm, which also owns WhatsApp and Threads, would launch ""an EU-specific Elections Operations Centre"" that would ""identify potential threats and put specific mitigations in place across our apps and technologies in real time"".', '""Since 2016, we\'ve invested more than $20bn (Â£15.7bn) into safety and security and quadrupled the size of our global team working in this area to around 40,000 people,"" he said. ', '""This includes 15,000 content reviewers who review content across Facebook, Instagram and Threads in more than 70 languages - including all 24 official EU languages.""', 'He said this meant bringing together experts from a range of different teams across the company, including those working in engineering, data science and law.', ""But the announcement has shortcomings, according to Deepak Padmanabhan from Queen's University Belfast, who has co-authored a paper on elections and AI."", '""Most of its planned strategy could be observed to lack teeth in substantive ways,"" he said.', 'One of the issues he has with Meta\'s strategy is how the firm plans to deal with AI-generated images, which he said ""could be intrinsically unworkable"". ', 'He asked what would happen in a situation where realistic AI-generated images appear to show protesters clashing with police.', '""Proving it to be fake requires that we are sure that there was no such attack by the policemen pictured on the farmers pictured - this may be infeasible both for technology or for human experts,"" he said.', '""How can any technology label this as fake or real?', '""Thus, it is not very clear as to how effective Meta\'s generative AI strategy could be - at the very least, there are serious limitations.""', 'Meta, which currently works with 26 fact-checking organisations across the EU, said it would bring on board three more partners based in Bulgaria, France and Slovakia to help deal with the threat.', 'The role of these organisations is not to deal with content which is intended to suppress voting - these kinds of posts are banned - but rather to debunk content that is spreading misinformation, including when they involve AI-generated elements.', 'Mr Pancini said these types of posts would be given warning labels and made less prominent, as well as not being allowed in ads.', 'Ads cannot question the legitimacy of the vote, prematurely claim victory, or question ""the methods and processes of election"".', ""But he said the firm's work was a result of collaboration, and it would require further co-ordination in the future."", '""Since AI-generated content appears across the internet, we\'ve also been working with other companies in our industry on common standards and guidelines,"" he said.', '""This work is bigger than any one company and will require a huge effort across industry, government, and civil society.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['New safety cameras are being trialled in Sussex to detect if drivers are using phones or not wearing seatbelts.', 'Footage is processed by technology, using artificial intelligence (AI), before images are passed to police.', 'Motoring journalist and director of UK Motor Talk Graham Benge said: ""I am not convinced by this idea, replacing good old-fashioned policing with cameras.""', ""Assistant Chief Constable Simon Dobinson said he was looking forward to seeing the trial's outcomes."", 'Sussex Police\'s head of operations added: ""It gives us a unique opportunity to learn how AI-enabled cameras can potentially support partnership colleagues and ourselves in influencing driver behaviour and keeping motorists safe on our roads.""', 'The cameras are mounted to a vehicle or trailer and can automatically detect if motorists are committing an offence. ', 'The trial in Sussex began on 19 February and runs until March 2025.', 'The cameras, which are being used across 10 forces, were first launched as a pilot project between National Highways and Warwickshire Police in 2021.', 'Mr Benge said: ""We all know that the standards of driving on the roads are falling.', '""If you have more traffic patrols on the road then the driving standards generally improve. There\'s a very clear deterrent effect.""', 'While speaking on BBC Radio Sussex, the motoring journalist also raised privacy concerns about people being monitored in their cars, as well as the need for human intervention with the cameras.', 'He said: ""It\'s very difficult to tell at 70mph between someone eating a chocolate bar and somebody who is using a mobile phone.""', 'Mr Benge said he believes the cameras could result in a number of disputes being taken to court.', 'He added: ""It\'s a budgetary way of dealing with things, I think, rather than actual police numbers, which I\'m much in favour of.""', ' A National Highways spokesperson it was working with police to reduce dangerous driving.', 'They added: ""We believe that using technology like this will make people seriously consider their driving behaviour.""', 'Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on X, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Nvidia's market value has touched $2tn (Â£1.58tn), a new milestone in the chipmaker's rapid ascent into the ranks of the world's most valuable companies."", 'Shares in the Silicon Valley firm rose more than 4% in morning trade on Friday before dropping back a bit.', ""The gains extended a jump after the company's blockbuster earnings report this week."", 'The company is benefiting from advances in artificial intelligence (AI), which have powered demand for its chips.', 'Turnover at the firm more than doubled last year to more than $60bn, and boss Jensen Huang told investors this week that demand was ""surging"" around the world.', ""The company, which became worth $1tn less than a year ago, now ranks as the world's fourth most valuable publicly traded company, behind Microsoft, Apple and Saudi Aramco. "", ""After shares retreated from their early Friday highs, the firm's market value ended the day just below $2tn."", 'Founded in 1993, Nvidia was originally known for making the type of computer chips that process graphics, particularly for computer games.', 'Long before the AI revolution, it started adding features to its chips that it says help machine learning, investments that have helped it gain market share.', 'It is now seen as a key company to watch to see how fast AI-powered tech is spreading across the business world. ', ""The price of the firm's shares has more than tripled over the last 12 months, from less than $240 apiece to nearly $800 in mid-day trade on Friday."", ""On Thursday, the day after its earnings report, buyers snapping up shares pushed its value up by $277bn, Wall Street's largest one-day gain in history."", 'The report has also helped to drive a broader market rally, appearing to convince investors that, as Derren Nathan of Hargreaves Lansdown put it, the boom in AI was ""living up to the hype"". ', '""It\'s being used in automotive for design, it\'s being used in telecommunications for planning networks, it\'s being used in mainstream companies to figure out and get insights into data that they haven\'t been able to get before,"" Bob O\'Donnell, a US-based technology analyst told the BBC earlier this week.  ', '""This is now really starting to hit the kinds of companies across the board, not just specialised tech companies and that\'s a real tipping point for the industry.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""US film and TV giant Tyler Perry says he's putting a $800m (Â£630m) expansion of his studio on hold after becoming concerned over new AI technology."", ""He was due to add 12 sound stages to his Atlanta complex, but says he has been put off by the release of OpenAI's video generator Sora."", 'Perry, 54, believes ""a lot of jobs"" will be lost in the film industry because of artificial intelligence.', 'He told the Hollywood Reporter that Sora had ""shocking"" capabilities.', '""All of that [work] is currently and indefinitely on hold because of Sora and what I\'m seeing,"" he said.  ', '""I had gotten word over the last year or so that this was coming, but I had no idea until I saw recently the demonstrations of what it\'s able to do. It\'s shocking to me.""', 'The tool, which has been made by the company behind ChatGPT, was launched in a limited way earlier this month and is not yet open to public consumption.', ""OpenAI's CEO took requests from followers on X, formerly known as Twitter, and produced videos with their suggestions to show its capabilities."", 'With access to few resources and a couple of text prompts, it was able to produce lifelike footage up to one minute long.', 'Perry said the technology could make travelling to locations and building sets redundant: ""I can sit in an office and do this with a computer, which is shocking to me,"" he said.', 'He added that he was ""very, very concerned"" that this could mean jobs for actors, editors, sound specialists and transporters could be lost.', 'Perry, who has starred in films such as Don\'t Look Up and Gone Girl, did say however that he had recently used AI on set to make himself older for a scene, which meant he ""avoided having to sit through hours of aging makeup"".', 'AI is already on the minds of many in the industry and was one of the main sticking points during the 2023 Hollywood strikes.', 'Many writers were concerned about their jobs being taken by AI, whilst actors were concerned that the technology could be used to replace them on set.', 'Despite an agreement being reached between studios and Hollywood workers, Perry said the ""whole industry"" needs to come together to protect people\'s livelihoods.', '""It can\'t be one union fighting every contract every two or three years. I think that it has to be everybody, all involved in how do we protect the future of our industry because it is changing rapidly, right before our eyes,"" he said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', ""The BBC's Paul Carter tries out the Atom Limbs prosthetic tech"", ""I was born without lower arms and legs, so I've been around prosthetics of all shapes and sizes for as long as I can remember. "", ""I've actively avoided those designed for upper arms for most of my adult life, so have never used a bionic hand before.  "", 'But when I visited a company in California, which is seeking to take the technology to the next level, I was intrigued enough to try one out - and the results were, frankly, mind-bending.', 'Prosthetic limbs have come a long way since the early days when they were fashioned out of wood, tin and leather. ', 'Modern-day replacement arms and legs are made of silicone and carbon fibre, and increasingly they are bionic, meaning they have various electronically controlled moving parts to make them more useful to the user.', 'What the company I visited, Atom Limbs, is doing is combining a range of cutting-edge innovations, including artificial intelligence (AI), into a next-generation bionic arm.', ""Atom Limbs uses advanced sensors and machine learning - where computers train themselves to become more accurate -  to interpret electrical signals from a person's brain and use them to move and manipulate a prosthetic limb."", 'The arm has a full range of human motion in the elbow, wrist, and individual fingers - and it provides haptic feedback to the wearer on their grip strength.', ""The arm attaches via a strengthened sportswear-style vest which distributes the weight of the arm evenly. Although it still has some weight to it, it is considerably lighter than other bionic arms I've seen."", ""It's non-invasive, meaning it doesn't need any surgery or implants to function. It connects to the wearer's residual limb firstly with bands of sensors that measure electrical signals, and then via a cup that fits over the top, with the arm connecting via an interface. "", 'Despite avoiding upper-arm prosthetics before, when Atom Limbs said I could have a try at operating a digital version of the arm on a computer screen, via their control software, I was interested enough to say yes.', 'I do have residual muscles in my arm that I was able to ""assign"" to corresponding hand, wrist and elbow movements, which proved to be a unique, mind-boggling experience.', ""The notion of learning how to control a part of the body I don't have is almost impossible to describe. "", 'However, exciting though this technology is, one issue that is always of concern to disabled people when new products come into being is cost. ', 'The assistive devices landscape is littered with products that, while impressive, can cost many times an average yearly salary. That puts most devices out of reach for many disabled people who statistics show are more likely to be among the poorest in society.', 'This video can not be played', ""Jason shows the BBC how Atom Limbs' prosthetic arm works"", 'Atom Limbs says it hopes its arm will be positioned around the $20,000 (Â£15,000) price point, which - while still a hefty sum of money - is considerably less than many other bionic products on the market. ', ""Ian Adam, a lecturer in prosthetics and orthotics at the University of Derby, says while this may sound like a lot, it is a good price in the industry - though it won't be for everyone."", '""It\'s at the cheaper end of the market, but say you had an accident and got a pay-out, well that\'s got to last the rest of your life,"" he said.', '""So I think a lot of patients are canny about what they spend their money on... sometimes people are quite prepared to not use them at all - with upper limb prosthetics it can be just an extra thing that not everybody will decide they need to have.""', 'And then there are the ethical and practical issues around such products. ', 'In 2022 Britt H Young, herself a bionic arm user, questioned whether the prosthetics ""arms race"" has focused too much on innovation rather than application.', 'Social media star Tilly Lockey, who has been using bionic arms since she was 9 years old, is excited about their future potential - but she told the BBC whether this device made a difference would all come down to testing.', '""I\'ve seen like them change so much first-hand, but I\'ve also seen them throughout the development phases,"" she said. ', '""There\'s a lot of ambitious projects, but I think the way they truly get there is the back and forth development from the users who actually wear them every day.""', 'Ultimately, the Atom Limbs arm is still early in development.', 'The firm is collecting data ahead of regulatory filings in the US, which means it will be some time yet before we see them being used in every day life.', 'Additional reporting by Tom Gerken.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['More police forces are to join a trial scheme that uses AI to detect whether motorists are using mobile phones or not wearing seatbelts while driving.', 'The safety project started in 2021 as a partnership between Warwickshire Police and National Highways.', 'Now 10 more forces in England are to use the technology mounted to a vehicle that takes multiple images of drivers.', 'The images are then passed to police for consideration on whether any action is to be taken against offenders.', 'The police forces taking part in the trial are Durham, Greater Manchester Police, Humberside, Staffordshire, West Mercia, Northamptonshire, Wiltshire, Norfolk, Thames Valley Police and Sussex.', ""In the scheme's earliest phase, which ran for three months, the monitoring vehicle was stationary at the side of the road while in use."", 'National Highways said the operation was being extended to learn more about the technology with a possible future roll-out nationwide. ', 'It added there were plans for the technology to be fixed to gantries for the first time, giving an unobscured view of lanes.', 'The trial began on 19 February. It runs until March 2025.', 'Under the scheme, drivers would receive warning letters from the police reminding them that they face fines of up to Â£500 for not wearing a seatbelt, with penalty points and potential Â£1,000 fines for those using a phone in a non hands-free capacity.', 'Matt Staton, National Highways\' head of national road-user safety, said: ""We know that distracted driving and not wearing seatbelts were key factors in a high number of incidents that resulted in people being killed or seriously injured. ', '""Working with our police partners we want to reduce such dangerous driving and reduce the risks posed to both the drivers and other people. We believe that using technology like this will make people seriously consider their driving behaviour.""', 'National Highways is working with Acusensus which is behind the technology. ', 'Geoff Collins, Acusensus\' UK general manager, added: ""We have found this technology really does change driver behaviour.', '""In New South Wales (Australia), where we first used the technology, the number of mobile phone detections have dropped by a factor of six, from 1 in 82 drivers spotted holding a phone in 2019 to 1 in 478 drivers in 2021 and 1 in every 534 in 2023. ', '""We expect to deliver similarly dramatic results here in the UK.""', 'Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Google is racing to fix its new AI-powered tool for creating pictures, after claims it was over-correcting against the risk of being racist.', ""Users said the firm's Gemini bot supplied images depicting a variety of genders and ethnicities even when doing so was historically inaccurate."", ""For example, a prompt seeking images of America's founding fathers turned up women and people of colour. "", 'The company said its tool was ""missing the mark"".', '""Gemini\'s AI image generation does generate a wide range of people. And that\'s generally a good thing because people around the world use it. But it\'s missing the mark here,"" Jack Krawczyk, senior director for Gemini Experiences said on Wednesday. ', '""We\'re working to improve these kinds of depictions immediately,"" he added. ', 'This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitterâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', ""Google later said it would suspend the tool's ability to generate images of people while it worked on the fix. "", 'It is not the first time AI has stumbled over real-world questions about diversity.', 'For example, Google infamously had to apologise almost a decade ago after its photos app labelled a photo of a black couple as ""gorillas"". ', 'Rival AI firm, OpenAI was also accused of perpetuating harmful stereotypes, after users found its Dall-E image generator responded to queries for chief executive, for example, with results dominated by pictures of white men. ', 'Google, which is under pressure to prove it is not falling behind in AI developments, released its latest version of Gemini last week. ', 'The bot creates pictures in response to written queries. ', 'It quickly drew critics, who accused the company of training the bot to be laughably woke. ', 'This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitterâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', '""It\'s embarrassingly hard to get Google Gemini to acknowledge that white people exist,"" computer scientist Debarghya Das, wrote.', '""Come on,"" Frank J Fleming, an author and humourist who writes for outlets including the right-wing PJ Media, in response to the results he received asking for an image of a Viking.', 'The claims picked up speed in right-wing circles in the US, where many big tech platforms are already facing backlash for alleged liberal bias.', 'Mr Krawczyk said the company took representation and bias seriously and wanted its results to reflect its global user base.', '""Historical contexts have more nuance to them and we will further tune to accommodate that,"" he wrote on X, formerly Twitter, where users were sharing the dubious results they had received.', '""This is part of the alignment process - iteration on feedback. Thank you and keep it coming!""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The boss of the world\'s most valuable chip maker Nvidia said artificial intelligence (AI) is at a ""tipping point"" as it announced record sales.', 'The technology giant reported that revenues surged by 265% to $22bn (Â£17.4bn) in the three months to 28 January, compared to a year earlier.  ', 'For the year as a whole, turnover more than doubled to $60.9bn.', '""Accelerated computing and generative AI have hit the tipping point,"" said Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang.', '""Demand is surging worldwide across companies, industries and nations.""', ""Nvidia also forecast a 233% jump in its quarterly revenues for the current quarter, beating analysts' estimates."", '""There was a lot riding on this last quarter and they actually absolutely knocked it out of the park,"" Bob O\'Donnell of Technalysis Research told the BBC.', '""We\'re starting to see mainstream usage of AI,"" he added, highlighting that AI is not longer only used by specialised technology companies.', ""In addition to its AI chips, sales at the firm's data centres have grown rapidly."", 'Its data centre business contributed the vast majority of its revenues in the most recent quarter after growing more than than five-fold over the last year.', 'Nvidia said gross profit for the final three months of its financial year rose by 338% to $16.8bn. Annual gross profit rose by 188% to $44.3bn.', 'However, the company said it faced several challenges including constraints on its supply chains.', ""The US has also tightened its restrictions on trade with China, the world's second largest economy."", 'Ipek Ozkardeskaya, a senior analyst at Swissquote, told the BBC that Nvidia\'s results had been ""unusually amazing"".', 'But she added that Nvidia could face difficulties in addition to restrictions in China. ', '""Nvidia... will see challenges on the way up because first the revenue growth will likely stabilise and the euphoria regarding these growth and growth perceptions will level out,"" she said.', 'The company is also likely to face competition and regulation issues, Ms Ozkardeskaya added, and it could be ""constrained by their own capacity to respond to this fast-surging demand"". ', ""AI's public profile has risen sharply since the launch in 2022 of ChatGPT, which was developed by Microsoft-backed OpenAI."", 'ChatGPT and other similar systems use huge amounts of data to create convincing human-like responses to user queries.', 'They are expected to dramatically change the way people search for information online.', ""Nvidia's stock market value has soared by 225% over the last year, making it one of the most valuable companies in the US. Its share price jumped by more than 9% in extended New York trading. "", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A method using artificial intelligence (AI) to assess potential transplant organs has been shortlisted for a national NHS award.', 'Known as OrQA - Organ Quality Assessment - the technology scans images of organs to look at suitability for kidney and liver transplants.', 'The tool was created by the University of Bradford and Newcastle Upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.', 'The Medipex NHS Innovation Awards will be presented on 13 March.', 'It is hoped OrQA, which uses similar AI technology to facial recognition, could result in up to 200 more patients receiving kidney transplants and 100 more liver transplants a year in the UK, its creators said.', 'Researchers are working to expand the technology to assess other organs including the pancreas, heart and lungs.', '""It is not replacing the human element but assisting it,"" said Prof Hassan Ugail, who worked on the project.', '""By using an algorithm to look at thousands of images of human organs, we are able to create a system that assesses donor organs and this will hopefully save time, money and lives.""', 'Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['There are between 10 and 50 billion potentially habitable worlds in our galaxy, says Bill Diamond. It makes his job rather difficult.', 'Mr Diamond is the chief executive of the US-based research organisation Seti Institute. The letters ""Seti"" are an acronym for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence.', '""Seti, as an endeavour, is looking for science and technology beyond the solar system as evidence of life and intelligence, and that\'s by and large a needle in a haystack problem,"" he says.', '""We\'re looking for something that is likely exceedingly rare, and may be very difficult to find and extract from the background phenomena that you\'re observing at the same time.""', 'But new tools are helping the search. The ability of artificial intelligence (AI) to both handle massive datasets - and to spot anomalies - is transforming the hunt for alien intelligence.', ""One such project involves a Seti Institute partnership with the US's National Radio Astronomy Observatory in New Mexico. This federal facility uses radio frequencies to study celestial objects, such as planets, stars and asteroids."", ""Seti is building a parallel, AI-powered software system for the observatory's core facility, the Very Large Array. Built between 1973 and 1981, the VLA comprises 28 large, 25m diameter, dish antennas spaced out across a desert plain. Imagine the satellite dishes you find on people's homes, just on a giant scale."", 'When operational, the AI will be able to process every bit of data captured - two terabytes (TB) every second. To put that into context, modern laptops now typically have around 1TB of total storage.', 'Mr Diamond says that the increased use of AI is already proving to be ""indispensable"" as his institute continues to hunt for alien life.', 'He points to AI making it possible to search for new types of radio signals from alien sources. He explains that traditionally, Seti has looked for narrowband signals similar to those used by human beings.', '""But there was always the question \'what if there\'s an alien advanced technology that is using wideband [radio]?\'. And if that\'s the case, our traditional methods wouldn\'t work, it would look like a bunch of noise on the screen.""', 'However, Mr Diamond says that the ability of AI to handle massive amounts of data means it\'s possible to take millions of ""snapshots"" of this snowy audio picture over time, and to start to look for patterns. ""It\'s a way of adding on a new thing to look for.""', 'Another project with which Seti collaborates is Breakthrough Listen. Backed by more than Â£100m of private sector funding, this scheme is scanning a million stars, and 100 galaxies, across a wide range of radio and optical bands, to look for evidence of technological life. ', 'One project member, University of Toronto student Peter Ma, recently developed a new AI system designed to examine telescope data, and distinguish between possible real signals from aliens, and interference. ', 'His team did this by simulating both types of noise, and then training their AI to differentiate between the two.', 'Mr Ma says that an alien signal would, for example, ""only appear when we point our telescopes at it... and disappear when we point away"". ', ""The project has already identified eight potential alien signals that went undetected by traditional analysis. However, Mr Ma believes that as the observations haven't yet been repeated they are probably false positives."", 'AI is also being used to try to detect signs of life of a more modest nature, and closer to home.', ""Last year, Nasa's Perseverance rover started collecting samples from the Jezero Crater on Mars, which will, if all goes well, be returned to Earth in several years' time."", ""Already, scientists believe that the rover's Sherloc instrument has detected organic compounds, which glow under ultraviolet light. "", ""However, organic compounds can be created by non-biological processes, meaning that it's not yet possible to say whether they derive from past life on the planet."", 'All this could change, though, thanks to new research from the Carnegie Institution for Science, which is using AI to analyse rock samples for signs of present or past life. ', 'The team found that the AI is able to distinguish former living and non-living material, with an accuracy of almost 90%.', '""This is a very new approach to searching for molecular biosignatures,"" says joint lead researcher Dr Robert Hazen.', '""We employ machine learning to look at all of the vast amount of data from an analytical method that produces half a million data points per sample. So we\'re seeking subtle patterns in molecular distributions.""', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'The first plans are to use the system to analyse ancient samples from Earth, as well as some Martian samples in the form of meteorites. But, says Mr Hazen, ""We could, for example, fly an instrument through the plumes of Enceladus [one of Saturn\'s moons], or land a carefully designed instrument on Mars.""', ""It's early days, and any promising results generated by AI need to be validated by other observations, or by physics-based models, before they can be shouted from the rooftops. But as more and more data is collected and analysed, the chances of detecting alien life - if it exists - are increasing all the time."", 'In the meantime, though, says Mr Diamond, ""The progress is measured in the scale of the effort, not yet in the results.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The University of York has set up a living lab to reassure people about Artificial Intelligence (AI)', 'The Â£45m Institute for Safe Autonomy (ISA) is being launched as a space to provide research and evidence on how AI is ""safe for everyday use"". ', 'Director of ISA Professor Miles Elsden said the technology is already ""a big part of our daily lives"".', 'The institute will provide spaces for small and medium enterprises operating in the field of AI and robotics.', 'Prof Elsden said ""safety assurance"" was the key to ""underpinning public trust"" in autonomous technology.', '""These technologies are already a big part of our daily lives, whether it\'s part of your mobile phone, Smart TV, or vacuum cleaner, and yet there is a significant number of people that are wary of their development, and we have to ask why that is and how we can address those concerns by evidencing how safe they are for everyday use."" ', 'Some of the projects already being worked on include how robots might be safely integrated into triage procedures in emergency hospital departments and how they can be used in social care for basic domestic tasks.', 'The purpose-built facility provides work and test spaces for more than 100 researchers across a variety of disciplines.', '""Its safety experts work in partnership with academia, industry,Â\xa0government and civil society to research safe, ethical, real-world applications for autonomous systems,"" the university said.', ""ISA was established through joint funding from Research England (via the UK Research Partnership Investment Fund), the Lloyd's Register Foundation and the University of York."", 'Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter) and Instagram. Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Most of the world's largest tech companies, including Amazon, Google and Microsoft, have agreed to tackle what they are calling deceptive artificial intelligence (AI) in elections. "", 'The twenty firms have signed an accord committing them to fighting voter-deceiving content.', 'They say they will deploy technology to detect and counter the material.', 'But one industry expert says the voluntary pact will ""do little to prevent harmful content being posted"".', 'The Tech Accord to Combat Deceptive Use of AI in 2024 Elections was announced at the Munich Security Conference on Friday.', 'The issue has come into sharp focus because it is estimated up to four billion people will be voting this year in countries such as the US, UK and India.', 'Among the accord\'s pledges are commitments to develop technology to ""mitigate risks"" related to deceptive election content generated by AI, and to provide transparency to the public about the action firms have taken.', 'Other steps include sharing best practice with one another and educating the public about how to spot when they might be seeing manipulated content.', 'Signatories include social media platforms X - formerly Twitter - Snap, Adobe and Meta, the owner of Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp.', ""However, the accord has some shortcomings, according to computer scientist Dr Deepak Padmanabhan, from Queen's University Belfast, who has co-authored a paper on elections and AI."", 'He told the BBC it was promising to see the companies acknowledge the wide range of challenges posed by AI.', 'But he said they needed to take more ""proactive action"" instead of waiting for content to be posted before then seeking to take it down.', 'That could mean that ""more realistic AI content, that may be more harmful, may stay on the platform for longer"" compared to obvious fakes which are easier to detect and remove, he suggested.', ""Dr Padmanabhan also said the accord's usefulness was undermined because it lacked nuance when it came to defining harmful content."", 'He gave the example of jailed Pakistani politician Imran Khan using AI to make speeches while he was in prison.', '""Should this be taken down too?"" he asked.', 'The accord\'s signatories say they will target content which ""deceptively fakes or alters the appearance, voice, or actions"" of key figures in elections.', 'It will also seek to deal with audio, images or videos which provide false information to voters about when, where, and how they can vote.', '""We have a responsibility to help ensure these tools don\'t become weaponised in elections,"" said Brad Smith, the president of Microsoft.', 'This video can not be played', 'US Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco says AI could be used to ""incite violence""', 'On Wednesday, the US deputy attorney general, Lisa Monaco, told the BBC that AI threatened to ""supercharge"" disinformation at elections. ', 'Google and Meta have previously set out their policies on AI-generated images and videos in political advertising, which require advertisers to flag when they are using deepfakes or content which has been manipulated by AI.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Students at Arts University Plymouth have been learning how to use artificial intelligence for their assignments. ', 'The generative AI software works by being fed ""training artwork"" created by humans, which it then replicates and fuses to create new images. ', 'Classes also address the ethical issues around the use of the technology.', 'A Department for Education spokesperson said: ""Artificial intelligence has the power to transform education.""', ""AI-generated content can include work 'stolen' from artists without their knowledge, something the university has addressed in their teaching."", 'Lecturer Alana Morgan said: ""When we are talking about work being used without consent, that\'s a massive issue for all kinds of artists including students, but broadly, I think that it\'s been quite positive, our experiments with AI, definitely on this course. We love it.""', 'Associate Professor Stephanie Owens said: ""Meaningful innovation is ultimately linked to human endeavour.', ' ""So, by teaching high levels of digital literacy, including the history and development of generative AI, we equip our graduates with the capacity to think ethically and critically regardless of the technologies that will be adopted by the workplaces of the future.""', 'Fashion, media, and gaming students are among those to have been experimenting with the technology by creating concept art, magazines and videos.', ""Arts University Plymouth said it was important for their future graduates to use all the industry's tools at their disposal, and not to be worried they will be replaced by the technology."", 'Fashion student Chloe Quinn said: ""Within the last hundred years, with every new development, we have this same scare and we don\'t know how it\'s going to integrate into our society.', '""Even when I was at secondary school we were told that the jobs the majority of us would have hadn\'t even been invented yet.', '""It\'s exciting to see what new jobs will be created and what all of our lives will look like in years to come.""', 'Follow BBC Devon on X (formerly Twitter), Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A charity that helps people worried about their own thoughts or behaviour says an increasing number of callers are feeling confused about the ethics of viewing AI child abuse imagery.', 'The Lucy Faithfull Foundation (LFF) says AI images are acting as a gateway.', 'The charity is warning that creating or viewing such images is still illegal even if the children are not real.', 'Neil, not his real name, contacted the helpline after being arrested for creating AI images.', 'The 43-year-old denied that he had any sexual attraction to children.', 'The IT worker, who used AI software to make his own indecent images of children using text prompts, said he would never view such images of real children because he is not attracted to them. He claimed simply to be fascinated by the technology. ', 'He called the LFF to try to understand his thoughts, and call handlers reminded him that his actions are illegal, regardless of whether or not the children are real.', 'The charity says it has had similar calls from others who are expressing confusion.', 'Another caller got in touch after discovering that her 26-year-old partner viewed indecent AI images of children, but said they were not serious because the pictures ""aren\'t real"". The offender has since asked for help.', ""A teacher asked for the charity's advice because her 37-year-old partner was viewing images that seemed illegal, but neither of them was sure if they were."", ""The LFF's Donald Findlater says some callers to its confidential Stop It Now helpline think that AI images are blurring the boundaries for what is illegal and morally wrong."", '""This is a dangerous view. Some offenders think this material is in some way OK to create or view because there are no children being harmed, but this is wrong,"" he says.', 'In some cases, AI abuse images might also be wrongly labelled or advertised as AI-made and the difference in realism is becoming harder to spot.', 'Mr Findlater says that deviant sexual fantasy is the strongest predictor of reoffending for anyone convicted of a sexual crime. ', '""If you feed that deviant fantasy, then you\'re making it more likely you\'re going to do harm to children,"" he said.', 'The charity says the number of callers citing AI images as a reason for their offending remains low, but is rising. The foundation is urging society to recognise the problem and lawmakers to do something to reduce the ease in which child sexual abuse material (CSAM) is made and published online.', 'Although the charity would not name any specific sites where it has found the imagery, one popular AI art website has been accused of allowing users to publish sexual and graphic images of very young models. When the BBC approached Civit.ai about the issue in November, the firm said it takes potential CSAM on the site ""very seriously"" and asks the community to report images that users consider to ""depict under-age characters/people in a mature or photorealistic context"".', 'The LFF also warned that young people are creating CSAM without realising the seriousness of the offence. One caller, for example, was concerned about his 12-year-old son who had used an AI app to create inappropriate topless pictures of friends, and then subsequently searched for terms such as ""naked teen"" online.', 'Criminal cases in Spain and the US have recently been launched against young boys using declothing apps to create naked pictures of school friends.', 'In the UK, Graeme Biggar, head of the National Crime Agency, said in December that he wanted to see tougher sentences for offenders who possess child abuse imagery, adding that AI abuse imagery ""matters, because we assess that the viewing of these images - whether real or AI-generated - materially increases the risk of offenders moving on to sexually abusing children themselves"". ', 'Some contributors have asked for their names to be withheld in this piece.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', 'US Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco says AI could be used to ""incite violence""', 'Artificial intelligence (AI) threatens to ""supercharge"" disinformation and incite violence at elections, the US deputy attorney general has warned.', 'Speaking exclusively to the BBC, Lisa Monaco described AI as the ""ultimate double-edged sword"".', 'It could deliver ""profound benefits"" to society but also be used by ""malicious actors"" to ""sow chaos"", she added.', 'And she revealed plans to make the use of AI by criminals an aggravating factor in sentencing in US courts.', 'The former federal prosecutor, who is in the UK to deliver a lecture on AI at the University of Oxford, said violent criminals who used guns were given longer sentences.', '""So we are going to be applying that same principle and seeking stiffer sentences and sentencing enhancements for those that use AI in a malicious way to commit their crime,"" she told the BBC.', 'She also spoke about efforts to protect the US election in November from being disrupted by AI-powered misinformation such as deepfakes - convincing audio and video of politicians saying things they never said - and AI-generated fake calls, or robocalls.', 'Last week, the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) made robocalls during elections illegal. ', ""It came after thousands of voters in New Hampshire received a phone call claiming to be from US President Joe Biden urging them not to vote in January's primary election."", 'Ms Monaco said: ""That is the type of action you are going to see regulators, I think, appropriately taking to try and put some guardrails around the use of these technologies, particularly when it comes to the election space.""', 'She said the US government was working with tech companies and other nations, including the UK, to combat the threat posed by AI.', 'But she added: ""I do think we are going to see more of this, I think it is something we are just beginning to see the surface being scratched about how malicious actors can use this technology."" ', 'With more than two billion people eligible to take part in elections around the world this year, including in the US, UK and India, Ms Monaco said she was concerned AI could have a ""fundamental impact"" on democracy.', 'This week, London mayor Sadiq Khan told the BBC deepfake audio of him supposedly making inflammatory remarks before Armistice Day almost caused ""serious disorder"".', 'And the US Deputy Attorney General said she too was concerned about violence resulting from AI-powered misinformation.', '""I am absolutely worried... about this effort by malicious actors, nation states or otherwise, using AI generated content to spread and really supercharge mis and disinformation. ', '""So that can have a number of effects. It can cause people to distrust the sources of information they are getting, to dissuade them or confuse them in terms of exercising their right to vote. To incite violence, certainly that\'s something that we are worried, about and to just generally sow distrust and potentially chaos.""', 'Ms Monaco was also keen to stress the potential benefits of AI as a crimefighting tool and something that could help in investigations and prosecutions.', 'The FBI was using AI technology to ""sift through the tips that we get from the public"" and to analyse data and images in ""some of our most important investigations"" including the US Capitol riots on 6 January 2021, she told the BBC.', 'Ultimately, she said, it would require a combination of action by tech firms and legislation to set the appropriate ""guardrails"" for AI and protect democracy.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['London Mayor Sadiq Khan says deepfake audio of him supposedly making inflammatory remarks before Armistice Day almost caused ""serious disorder"".', 'Mr Khan says the law is not ""fit for purpose"" in tackling AI fakes, as the audio creator ""got away with it"".', 'The man who first posted the clip, tracked down by the BBC, told us: ""It\'s what we all know Sadiq thinks.""', 'But another social media user who helped the audio go viral apologised, saying: ""I made a big mistake"".', ""The clip used AI - artificial intelligence - to create a replica of Mr Khan's voice saying words scripted by the faker, disparaging Remembrance weekend with an expletive and calling for pro-Palestinian marches, planned for the same day last November, to take precedence."", 'Intended to sound like a secret recording, it said: ""What\'s important and paramount is the one-million-man Palestinian march takes place on Saturday."" ', 'The clip imitated Mr Khan, the first Muslim mayor of London, saying: ""â\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8bI control the Met Police, they will do as the Mayor of London tells them"" and saying ""the British public need to get a grip"". It said the prime minister meeting with Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley was ""a waste of time"" because ""the buck stops with me"".', 'Mr Khan told BBC Radio 4\'s Why Do You Hate Me? podcast: ""You know, we did get concerned very quickly about what impression it may create. I\'ve got to be honest, it did sound a lot like me.""', 'The clip spread rapidly, including among far-right groups, and triggered a spike in hateful comments against the mayor on social media.', '""When you\'ve got friends and family who see this stuff, it\'s deeply upsetting. I mean, I\'ve got two daughters, a wife, I\'ve got, you know, siblings. I\'ve got a mum,"" Mr Khan told the BBC.', 'The AI fake emerged during an already-tense political row, as Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said the pro-Palestinian marches in a different part of central London were ""disrespectful"" on Armistice Day. Then-Home Secretary Suella Braverman had called for them to be cancelled.', 'This video can not be played', 'Listen to the fake recording of London Mayor Sadiq Khan', 'Armistice Day marks the moment when World War One ended on 11 November 1918, while memorial ceremonies take place at the Cenotaph and across the country on the nearest Sunday, known as Remembrance Sunday.', '""The timing couldn\'t have been better if you\'re seeking to sow disharmony and cause problems,"" the London mayor told the BBC.', '""What was being said was a red rag to a bull for the far right and others. But what concerned me the most was if you\'re an innocent listener of this. Because it\'s a secret undercover recording, in inverted commas, because it sounds like me, because of the timing and the context."" ', ""Both events took place on Saturday 11 November, with the pro-Palestinian march beginning hours after the two minutes' silence had been observed. But counter-protestors, including some people connected to far-right groups, were later condemned by police after clashes and arrested for offences including for inciting racial hatred. "", 'Why Do You Hate Me?', ""One of the BBC's most trolled journalists, Marianna Spring, dives into her inbox and investigates extraordinary cases of online hate. She meets the people at the heart of these conflicts, and in some cases brings them together, to see if understanding - even forgiveness - is ever possible."", 'Listen now on BBC Sounds, watch on BBC iPlayer and read the previous instalment of the online series here.', 'Mr Khan said the AI fake had inflamed the situation. ""We almost had serious disorder,"" he said, adding that deep fake audio could have a worrying impact on other situations - such as a close election or referendum, or where there is community unrest.â\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8b', '""People should be able to criticise me. But I think what you shouldn\'t do is use AI to manufacture lies. And I think the person that made this needs to realise the consequences on that Saturday."" ', 'One of the larger accounts that spread the fake audio was Little Boats on X, which has shared anti-Islam and anti-immigration content and has more than 58,000 followers. ', 'Jeremy Davis, who is in charge of the account, said he still suspects Mr Khan has beliefs similar to those in the audio but apologised for sharing the fake.', '""It was a clever AI job,"" he said. ""Mayor Khan, I apologise, I made a big mistake.""', 'But Mr Davis did not create the audio. ', 'Through a screengrab, I traced the recording back to TikTok and what appears to be the originator of the clip: an account called HJB News with the ironic tagline ""Keeping it real"". The account shares anti-immigration content and some racist material. ', 'This video can not be played', 'Counter-protesters clashed with police on Armistice Day', ""HJB News's accounts on other social media show they shared the audio on 9 November, hours before it went viral. â\x80\x8bThe fact that there's no trace of the audio anywhere else online before HJB News shared it, makes it likely that they also created it."", 'After exchanging several messages, the person behind the account called me. He gave his name only as Henry and he would not let me record him, but I took detailed notes of the conversation. ', 'He claimed it was ""a clip on TikTok I shared"" and denied creating it, saying he ""wouldn\'t want to comment"" when I pointed out he had been the first to share it. ', 'He said his account does not only publish ""fake clips"". ""We post news that could be real with a sense of humour.""', 'On 11 November, the Metropolitan Police said it had examined the audio but that it ""does not constitute a criminal offence"". HJB News said on X, ""well that\'s a relief"" with an emoji of a bead of sweat rolling down a grinning face. ', 'Mr Khan said the fake audio ""wasn\'t a bit of fun"" or ""satire"" and its creator had not been not ""naive"" about the consequences it could have.', 'The London mayor said he does, however, accept the apology of people who shared it because of an ""innocent mistake"".', 'Mr Khan said organisations such as the Electoral Commission, which are responsible for keeping the UK\'s elections ""free and fair"", also needed more powers to deal with faked information.â\x80\x8bâ\x80\x8b', 'There is currently no criminal law in the UK which specifically covers this kind of scenario. ', 'The mayor said it was also ""really worrying"" that social media companies did not contact him or the authorities about the faked audio at the time it went viral.', 'I contacted X, TikTok and Instagram, where the clip was shared. X and Instagram did not respond. According to a TikTok spokesperson, the social media site ""does not allow synthetic media that contains the likeness of any real private figure"" and removes this kind of content.', ""TikTok said it had spoken to both the mayor's office and the Metropolitan Police in November 2023 about the platform's approach to this content and flagged how similar issues could be raised directly in future."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Conservationists are using artificial intelligence to identify and monitor bird populations by recording their songs.', 'Somerset Wildlife Trust is restoring peatland at the former dairy farm Honeygar near Westhay.', 'The charity hopes to make the area a better habitat for wetland species.', 'Conservationists are using microphones to listen out for bird songs to monitor the population.', 'There are four of these microphones dotted around the 81 hectare site, listening out for birdsong, which is then analysed by artificial intelligence.', 'The trust then uses the information to monitor bird populations and how they are changing.', 'The project has been running continuously for the past 15 months.', 'In that time, the most common birdsong recorded on the site came from wrens, jackdaws and goldfinches.', 'Joe Hampson, at the trust, said they have 1.3m species recordings from the site.', '""It\'s a staggering number,"" he said. ""It shows we\'re in a new age of data collection.""', 'Geoff Carss, CEO at Wilder Sensing, who developed the technology for the project, said: ""We take a species like the robin and take hundreds of recordings, feed them into the machine learning model and over time you have a big library of these things.', '""It will sample sounds and go: \'I\'m 83% certain that was a robin.\' It takes about 30 seconds.""', 'Mr Hampson added: ""We will be expecting more wetland species to be utilising the site, but we\'re willing to be surprised by what happens. ', '""It\'s going to be really exciting.""', 'Follow BBC West on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['UK chip designer Arm Holdings has seen its stock market value almost double in less than a week as investors bet on the artificial intelligence (AI) boom.', 'The Cambridge-based company reported financial results last Wednesday that showed demand for AI-related technology is boosting its sales.', 'Chips designed by Arm already power almost every smartphone in the world.', ""The firm was taken private by Japan's SoftBank in 2016 and it returned to the stock market last September."", ""Arm's shares have soared since its earnings announcement last week and are now up by more than 98%."", 'It comes as chipmaker Nvidia has seen its shares more than triple in value in the last year on soaring demand for its AI chips.', 'The AI boom has helped Nvidia become one of the most valuable publicly-traded companies in the world, with a stock market valuation of around $1.8 trillion (Â£1.4 trillion).', 'It has also made it the fifth publicly traded US company to join the so-called ""Trillion-dollar club"", along with technology giants Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet and Amazon.', ""Arm's technology is not directly used for AI work, but chip makers like Nvidia are choosing it for central processing units (CPUs) that complement their AI-specific chips."", ""Aside from Nvidia and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), Arm's customers also include well-known consumer brands like Apple."", 'Demand for Arm-designed chips is also growing in the car making industry thanks to the development of self-driving technology.', 'Arm was founded in 1990 by a group chip designers in the university city of Cambridge.', 'It was bought by SoftBank in 2016 for $32bn. Four years later, the Japanese conglomerate announced that it planned to sell Arm to Nvidia.', 'However, in April 2022 SoftBank shelved the deal after facing objections from regulators around the world and said it would instead sell shares in Arm on the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York.', ""The jump in Arm's shares is welcome news for SoftBank, as it has been hit by losses due to the falling valuations of  some of its investments, including struggling office space firm WeWork."", 'SoftBank, which still holds a roughly 90% stake in Arm, has seen its own shares gain almost 30% in the past week.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""A Suffolk computer expert is predicting that artificial intelligence (AI) will replace human coders in 10 years' time."", 'Creative Computing Club founder Matthew Applegate said: ""I\'m teaching the last generation of coders. We are looking at being knocked out by AI very soon.""', 'Mr Applegate started the club in 2012 with the ethos ""50% work 50% play"".', '""AI will creep into everything; pop music, writing... plumbers are safe! Technology is always an interesting ride,"" he said.', 'His prediction comes as a House of Lords committee says that we should embrace the positives of AI rather than just focus on the risks.', ""The Communications and Digital Committee's report looked at large language models (LLMs), which are what power generative AI tools like ChatGPT."", 'Mr Applegate said: ""They trained AI on a thing called GitHub, which is an online repository of all the best examples of code, and some of the worst. So it was able to determine the best practices very early on.', '""So we\'ve bypassed a lot of those problems very quickly. We\'ve got probably about ten more years of teaching code.""', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The federal agency that regulates communication in the US has made robocalls that use AI-generated voices illegal.', 'The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced the move on Thursday, saying it will take effect immediately.', 'It gives the state power to prosecute any bad actors behind these calls, the FCC said. ', 'It comes amid a rise in robocalls that have mimicked the voices of celebrities and political candidates.', '""Bad actors are using AI-generated voices in unsolicited robocalls to extort vulnerable family members, imitate celebrities, and misinform voters,"" said FCC chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel in a statement on Thursday.', '""We\'re putting the fraudsters behind these robocalls on notice.""', ""The move comes on the heels of an incident last month in which voters in New Hampshire received robocalls impersonating US President Joe Biden ahead of the state's presidential primary. "", 'The calls encouraged voters not to cast ballots in the primary. An estimated 5,000 to 25,000 were placed.', ""New Hampshire's attorney general said the calls were linked to two companies in Texas and that a criminal investigation is underway."", 'The FCC said these calls have the potential to confuse consumers with misinformation by imitating public figures, and in some instances, close family members.', 'The agency added that, while state attorneys general can prosecute companies and individuals behind these calls for crimes like scams or fraud, this latest action makes the use of AI-generated voices in these calls itself illegal. ', 'It ""expands the legal avenues through which state law enforcement agencies can hold these perpetrators accountable under the law"".', 'In mid-January, the FCC received a letter signed by attorneys general from 26 states asking the agency to act on restricting the use of AI in marketing phone calls.', '""Technology is advancing and expanding, seemingly by the minute, and we must ensure these new developments are not used to prey upon, deceive, or manipulate consumers,"" said Pennsylvania Attorney General Michelle Henry, who led the effort.', 'The letter follows a Notice of Inquiry put forward by the FCC in November 2023 that requested input from across the country on the use of AI technology in consumer communications.', 'Deepfakes -  which use AI to make video or audio of someone by manipulating their face, body, or voice - have emerged as a major concern around the world at a time when major elections are, or will soon, be underway in countries like the US, UK and India. ', 'Senior British politicians have been subject to audio deepfakes, as have politicians in nations including Slovakia and Argentina.', ""The National Cyber Security centre in the UK has warned of the threats AI fakes pose to the country's next election."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A city\'s mayor has admitted using artificial intelligence (AI) to help write his speeches, and said it had ""massive potential for the council"".', 'Liberal Democrat Nick Sandford, elected as Peterborough mayor in May, said he used ChatGPT to help at civic events.', '""Chatbots"" use huge amounts of data online to create convincing human-like responses to user queries.', 'The city council said it would draw up an AI strategy as well as ethical guidelines for its use in future.', 'Mr Sandford said before one particular event, he ""got some information from the council\'s PR team and put it into ChatGPT... and it composed a speech for me"".Â\xa0', '""You have to tweak it a bit because it can be quite American,"" he said.', '""But there\'s massive potential for the council, using AI in an innovative way.""', 'OpenAI is the Microsoft-backed creator of ChatGPT, used by the mayor.', 'The tool is trained on information from the internet and can answer questions from users.', 'It has been used to write marketing copy, computer code and songs, among other things.', 'A spokesperson for Peterborough City Council confirmed it had ""several programmes of work looking at [the use of AI] across all areas of the business including customer service, information governance and social care"".Â\xa0', '""This is an exciting path for the council and the use of AI brings immense potential for improving services by speeding up processes and providing smooth and quicker services to the public,"" the spokesperson said.', 'He added the council was still at an ""early and exploratory"" stage.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Technology reporter Stephanie Power likes to think she is comfortable with artificial intelligence, but the new breed of talking AI companions unnerve her, as she reports.', 'My husband is a huge Liverpool FC fan who gets into a state of anxiety almost every time they play.', ""It is very irritating, but I've recently realised that the best technique is to avoid him before, during, and sometimes after a game."", ""Recently following a match, I could hear a friendly woman's voice talking to him in his home office."", '""Oh yes, it was a tough game, but the Reds really are on good form,"" she said. ""Liverpool\'s strikers were able to deliver the goods.""', 'Who was this woman? And why was she indulging David in this way?', 'It turns out that my husband was trying out an app called Pi.ai. Launched last year by US tech firm Inflection AI, it is an example of a growing trend called conversational AI. ', ""Rather than just answer any questions you give it, or perhaps do your homework for you, the idea is that the AI can become a friend or companion who talks to you - out loud - via your computer or phone's speakers."", 'And the more you chat with the AI, the more it is said to understand you, and so its replies aim to become more tailored to you, and more like having a natural conversation with a friend. That, at least, is the theory.', 'With Pi.ai you still have to type in your half of the conversation, but it replies in one of six different human-like voices that you can choose from. These range from a fast-talking American man, to the posh English female voice that my husband was talking to.', 'If your reaction is ""but Amazon\'s Alexa has been talking out loud to me for years"", conversational AI aims to give you a far more natural, flowing chat, both in terms of the words and sentences that the AI chooses, and the way it says them out loud.', '""People might say, we\'ve had voice in technology for ages, and they\'re probably thinking of Alexa,"" says David Reid, a professor in AI at Liverpool Hope University, and the man who just happens to be my Liverpool-obsessed husband.', '""But the global market in conversational AI is expected to grow to $30bn (Â£24bn) in the next five years. If you want an idea of what this might look like, then imagine Alexa, but with empathy.""', 'Tech firms are now racing to release their own conversational AI companions. Google has Vertex AI Conversation, Microsoft has Azure AI, and there are now a host of start-ups in the sector. ', 'Meanwhile, Amazon is sticking with Alexa, but planning to add conversational AI to it, plus a more human-like voice.', 'Rohit Prasad, head scientist for Alexa, explained his hopes, using another sporting analogy, in a speech last year. ""The [Boston] Red Sox are my favourite [baseball] team,"" he said. ""Imagine if they won, then Alexa would respond in a joyful voice. If they lost, it will be empathetic to me.""', 'To make the human-like voices for conversational AI, it usually starts with a recording of an actual human. However, the technology then needs to be able to adapt this to put across the required tone or volume, to put words together in a natural-sounding way.', '""Our tools can take into account the spirit of a sentence, and how the words connect to each other,"" says Mati Staniszewski, the boss of Eleven Labs, a UK tech firm that has created 40 AI voices across gender, age and accent. ""This means we can capture the intonation, tone and emotion the AI speaker intends to convey.""', 'Mr Staniszewski says intonation is vital.', '""Getting that right is what stops an AI from sounding robotic. Emotions and intonation often need to stretch and resonate across a number of sentences to tie a particular train of thought together. And tone and pacing convey intent, so the model takes the surrounding context into account, maintaining the right flow.""', 'Trevor Cox, a professor of acoustic engineering at the University of Salford, says that the developers of conversational AI will likely avoid strong, regional accents.', '""There are still prejudices around strong regional accents,"" he says. ""Studies suggest that the harder a voice is to understand, then the less likely we are to believe what is being said.', '""This is beyond accent and more about flow. Our brains want to decode information quickly. So the creators of an AI will want to make sure the brain has access to that fast decoding.', '""Then beyond that there is tone. Messages are conveyed by much more than the words, it is how you say them. So if an AI can convey happiness, excitability or boredom then that all helps.""', 'David Harley, a lecturer in cyberpsychology at Brighton University, says there are risks as computer voices become ever more human-like. ', '""My concern lies in the fact that people may start to view AI companions and therapists as effective in solving all life\'s problems,"" he says. ""They may start to tailor their lives around the AI advice, which is blind to these other profound aspects of being human.""', 'He adds that people will have to remind themselves that their AI companion is not a real person.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'I had a little go with Pi.ai myself, and I found it to be a bit obsequious, like a friend who just agrees with everything you say. ', 'Prof Reid, aka my other half, says that\'s how it has been designed. ""What you call obsequious, I see as friendly and supportive.', '""I can see conversational AI being really valuable in a setting such as a care home, where people would get joy from reminiscing about the past with something that is knowledgeable. Or a call centre, where the AI can understand when a caller is getting frustrated, and react accordingly.""', 'Or perhaps helping to keep thousands of relationships alive across the globe, by providing therapy to fraught football and baseball fans from Liverpool to Boston, and beyond.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A city council says it will save Â£200,000 by losing four full-time equivalent agency jobs due to artificial intelligence (AI). ', 'Derby City Council said agency workers in the customer management department were being reduced.', 'The council\'s chief executive Paul Simpson said out of a 3,000-person workforce, ""it\'s a very small number"". ', 'Conservative councillor Matthew Holmes said he was concerned about more possible future job losses due to AI.', 'The Labour-run council told the Local Democracy Reporting Service in January that no savings were coming from a ""compulsory staffing reduction"".', 'And last week, the governor of the Bank of England said AI would not be a ""mass destroyer of jobs"".', 'A freedom of information (FOI) request has found during the 2022-23 financial year, two full-time equivalent positions were lost in the department that deals with customer queries, reports, applications and payments at the council.', 'Meanwhile, ""contractor workload"" was decreased in the revenues and benefits department, due to automated telephone and webchat services Darcie and Ali. ', 'The same savings are being made for the current 2023-24 financial year.  ', 'Mr Simpson said AI had the ""potential to revolutionise"" the authority\'s services.', 'He said: ""We are looking to use artificial intelligence to help us deliver services to our customers in a way that reduces the cost and provides 24/7 access to a lot of our services.""', 'Mr Simpson added ""from our perspective, there are very, very few job losses"" and said using AI was about ""streamlining"" processes, so the workforce could concentrate on the more complex and strategic activities.', 'He said contractors and agency staff were not permanent - ""they are extra capacity that we bring in to help manage workload"". ', '""By using AI, we can do away without the need for that extra cost,"" he said.', 'In response, Mr Holmes said: ""It is a good thing if it works because it will deliver efficient services. ', '""The bad thing is, if it doesn\'t work very well, residents don\'t get the services or support they need. Also, it is taking away the human element... therefore they are out of the authority and have lost their job potentially.', '""Jobs are going to change and AI is going to take jobs away from those who are currently carrying them out. ', '""We need to ensure those people can gain skills to move into another area of the business or work with AI."" ', ""Mr Holmes added the council's 2024-25 budget plans nearly Â£4m of savings through AI."", 'He said: ""We feel it is high risk... to base your budget on something which effectively no-one else has done before.""', 'Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Three students have won a $700,000 prize after using AI to read a 2,000-year-old scroll burnt during the Mount Vesuvius eruption in 79AD.', 'The ancient text was unreadable until now after being charred in the Roman town of Herculaneum during the same eruption that destroyed Pompeii.', ""It is thought to have belonged to Julius Caesar's father-in-law and talks of music and food."", 'Experts have called the breakthrough a ""revolution"" in Greek philosophy.', 'Scholars believe the style of the writing is typical of the Greek philosopher Philodemus, who followed the teachings of Epicurus, and may have been philosopher-in-residence at Herculaneum.', 'In the 18th century hundreds of papyrus scrolls were discovered in the library of a luxurious a villa in the town - the only such library of texts from ancient Roman times to be discovered. ', 'But their contents remained a mystery to scholars - they were so badly burnt by volcanic debris that when they attempted to unroll them they fell apart in their hands. ', 'Dr Federica, papyrology researcher at the University of Naples, said this ""curse"" is also their saving grace. The high temperatures of the eruption carbonised and preserved the scripts which would have typically decomposed. ', 'Last year a breakthrough came when Dr Brent Seales and his team at the University of Kentucky used high resolution CT scans to unroll the texts, but the black carbon ink used on the scripts was indecipherable from the papyrus itself.', 'Dr Seales worked with tech investors to launch the Vesuvius Challenge, a $1m (Â£790,000) prize for anyone that could come up with a solution. ', 'A team of three students, not working in philosophy but tech, realised artificial intelligence may be able to provide the solution. ', 'Youssef Nader, a PhD student in Berlin, Luke Farritor, a SpaceX intern and student, and Julian Schillinger, a Swiss Robotics student, built an AI model that was able to work out the lettering through using pattern recognition.', 'Dr Federica said: ""This is the start of a revolution in Greek philosophy in general.""', ""The model has so far deciphered 2,000 Greek characters written in one of the four scrolls scanned by Dr Seales' team - which is only 5% of the text. "", 'Now translated the characters reveal the author discussing the sources of pleasure in life, referencing music and food. ', 'In one passage Philodemus questions whether things in lesser quantities bring more pleasure: ""as too in the case of food, we do not right away believe things that are scarce to be absolutely more pleasant than those which are abundant.""', 'The team behind the Vesuvius Challenge hope the technology can be used to read 90% of all four scrolls scanned this year, and eventually all 800. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Meta says it will introduce technology that can detect and label images generated by other companies' artificial intelligence (AI) tools."", 'It will be deployed on its platforms Facebook, Instagram and Threads.', 'Meta already labels AI images generated by its own systems. It says it hopes the new tech, which it is still building, will create ""momentum"" for the industry to tackle AI fakery.', 'But an AI expert told the BBC such tools are ""easily evadable"".', 'In a blog written by senior executive Sir Nick Clegg, Meta says it intends to expand its labelling of AI fakes ""in the coming months"".', 'In an interview with the Reuters news agency, he conceded the technology was ""not yet fully mature"" but said the company wanted to ""create a sense of momentum and incentive for the rest of the industry to follow"".', 'But Prof Soheil Feizi, director of the Reliable AI Lab at the University of Maryland, suggested such a system could be easy to get around.', '""They may be able to train their detector to be able to flag some images specifically generated by some specific models,"" he told the BBC.', '""But those detectors can be easily evaded by some lightweight processing on top of the images, and they also can have a high rate of false positives. ', '""So I don\'t think that it\'s possible for a broad range of applications.""', 'Meta has acknowledged its tool will not work for audio and video - despite these being the media that much of the concern about AI fakes is focused on.', 'The firm says it is instead asking users to label their own audio and video posts, and it ""may apply penalties if they fail to do so"".', 'Sir Nick Clegg also admitted it would be impossible to test for text that has been generated by tools such as ChatGPT.', '""That ship has sailed,"" he told Reuters.', 'On Monday, Meta\'s Oversight Board criticised the company for its policy on manipulated media, calling it ""incoherent, lacking in persuasive justification and inappropriately focused on how content has been created"".', 'The Oversight Board is funded by Meta but independent of the company. ', 'The criticism was in response to a ruling on a video of US President Joe Biden. The video in question edited existing footage of the president with his granddaughter to make it appear as though he was touching her inappropriately.', ""Because it was not manipulated using artificial intelligence, and depicted Mr Biden behaving in a way he did not, rather than saying something he did not, it did not violate Meta's manipulated media policy - and was not removed."", ""The Board agreed that the video did not break Meta's current rules on fake media, but said that the rules should be updated."", 'Sir Nick told Reuters that he broadly agreed with the ruling.', 'He admitted that Meta\'s existing policy ""is just simply not fit for purpose in an environment where you\'re going to have way more synthetic content and hybrid content than before.""', 'From January, the company has had a policy in place which says political adverts have to signal when they are using digitally altered images or video.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Artificial Intelligence (AI) is being used to help preserve part of Vice-Admiral Lord Nelson's flagship HMS Victory."", ""Based in Portsmouth's Historic Dockyard, the warship is undergoing a 10-year conservation scheme."", 'University of Southampton students have applied AI technology to thousands of images taken of the 259-year-old ship.', 'It will prevent vital historical information from being lost forever, a university archaeologist said.', ""HMS Victory is best-known for its role in the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 and is the world's oldest naval ship still in commission."", 'The renovation work, at the National Museum of the Royal Navy, has seen craftspeople replacing the decayed planking of the hull and the damaged frames of the ship.', 'Part of this process involves documenting the vessel, with high-resolution images taken to produce accurate 3D digital models.', 'The process has been automated by an AI algorithm, which Dr Rodrigo Pacheco-Ruiz from the University of Southampton said had made the images ""high resolution, complex and detailed"".', '""Archaeologists are obsessed with detail and if records are not accurately stored, vital historical information could be lost forever,"" the archaeologist said.', '""The project is really at the forefront of how AI is being used in archaeology... it\'s certainly a long way from the traditional perception of how an archaeologist spends their time.""', 'Previously a curator would add a short description of an object to a physical catalogue card but now they must record more detailed information so items can be catalogued digitally.', 'The data could also allow the public to view the ship online, rather than visiting in person.', 'Amy Adams, the museum\'s collections information and access manager, said: ""The opportunity to share knowledge worldwide and engage more and more people in our nation\'s maritime history is huge.""', ""HMS Victory's restoration is due to be completed in just under 10 years, at a cost of Â£40-Â£45m."", 'This story has been amended. A previous version also mentioned HMS Victory (1737) which is a different ship.', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial Intelligence (AI) will not be a ""mass destroyer of jobs"" and human workers will learn to work with new technologies, the governor of the Bank of England has told the BBC.', 'Governor Andrew Bailey said while there are risks with AI, ""there is great potential with it"". ', 'The Bank says businesses expect to see the benefits to productivity soon.', ""Almost a third told the Bank they'd made significant AI investments in the past year."", 'Mr Bailey added ""I\'m an economic historian, before I became a central banker. Economies adapt, jobs adapt, and we learn to work with it. And I think, you get a better result by people with machines than with machines on their own. So I\'m an optimistâ\x80¦""', 'In its latest assessment of the UK economy the Bank\'s business contacts said that automation and AI investment was already ""containing recruitment and labour costs"" in a tight labour market.', ""Mr Bailey's comments come as a committee that sits in the House of Lords says that we should embrace the positives of AI rather than just focus on its risks."", 'The committee\'s chair Baroness Stowell told the BBC that talk of ""existential risks and sci-fi scenarios"" should not get in the way of reaping the rewards of AI.', 'AI goldrush', 'The country could ""miss out on the AI goldrush,"" her committee\'s report said.', 'It said some of the ""apocalyptic"" warnings about AI\'s dangers were exaggerated.', ""The Lords Communications and Digital Committee's report focuses on large language models (LLMs), which are what power generative AI tools like ChatGPT."", ""They have captured people's imaginations with their ability to, for example, give human-like responses to questions."", 'But they have also prompted concerns, including from various senior industry figures, that the technology could cause problems ranging from eliminating jobs to threatening humanity itself.', ""The UK hosted the world's first AI Safety Summit in November 2023, where a global declaration on managing AI risks was announced.."", 'But Baroness Stowell warned that the government needed to be careful the UK didn\'t end up as ""the safety people"".', '""No expert on safety is going to be credible if we are not at the same time developers and part of the real vanguard of promoting and creating the progress on this technology"", she said.', 'Given there is no UK equivalent of ChatGPT, and in order to avoid another situation in which - as with other areas of tech - all of the industry giants are clustered elsewhere, the Lords committee seems to be essentially warning the country to go easy on the red tape.', 'The Committee has also highlighted the issue of copyright, which is particularly contentious with AI.', ""That's because LLMs rely on being fed information from things that already exist digitally, and there are questions over whether developers have properly sought permission for it."", 'Photo agency Getty Images is currently taking legal action against Stability AI, claiming that the tech company has used its images without permission to train its picture generation tools.', 'The Committee is calling on the government to provide clarity over what rules apply, saying it can not ""sit on its hands"" while LLM developers ""exploit"" the works of rightsholders.', '""The government needs to come out with its position,"" Baroness Stowell told the BBC.', ""Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology Michelle Donelan will give evidence to the Lords Communications and Digital Committee on Tuesday, where she is expected to be questioned on the government's reaction to the report."", 'A Department for Science, Innovation and Technology spokesperson said:  ""We do not accept this - the UK is a clear leader in AI research and development, and as a government we are already backing AI\'s boundless potential to improve lives, pouring millions of pounds into rolling out solutions that will transform healthcare, education and business growth, including through our newly announced AI Opportunity Forum.', 'They added: ""The future of AI is safe AI. It is only by addressing the risks of today and tomorrow that we can harness its incredible opportunities and attract even more of the jobs and investment that will come from this new wave of technology.', '""That\'s why [we] have spent more than any other government on safety research through the AI Safety Institute and are promoting a pro-innovation approach to AI regulation.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Search for ""AI investing"" online, and you\'ll be flooded with endless offers to let artificial intelligence manage your money.', 'I recently spent half an hour finding out what so-called AI ""trading bots"" could apparently do with my investments.', 'Many prominently suggest that they can give me lucrative returns. Yet as every reputable financial firm warns - your capital may be at risk.', 'Or putting it more simply - you could lose your money - whether it is a human or a computer that is making stock market decisions on your behalf.', 'Yet such has been the hype about the ability of AI over the past few years, that almost one in three investors would be happy to let a trading bot make all the decisions for them, according to one 2023 survey in the US.', ""John Allan says investors should be more cautious about using AI. He is head of innovation and operations for the UK's Investment Association, the trade body for UK investment managers."", '""Investment is something that\'s very serious, it affects people and their long-term life objectives,"" he says. ""So being swayed by the latest craze might not be sensible.', '""I think at the very least, we need to wait until AI has proved itself over the very long term, before we can judge its effectiveness. And in the meantime, there will be a significant role for human investment professionals still to play.""', 'Given that AI-powered trading bots may end up putting some highly-trained but expensive human investment managers out of work you might expect Mr Allan to say this. But such AI trading is indeed new, and it does have issues and uncertainties.', 'Firstly, AI is not a crystal ball, it cannot see into the future any more than a human can. And if you look back over the past 25 years, there have been unforeseen events that have tripped up the stock markets, such as 9/11, the 2007-2008 credit crisis, and the coronavirus pandemic.', 'Secondly, AI systems are only as good as the initial data and software that is used to create them by human computer programmers. To explain this issue we need a little history lesson.', 'Investment banks have actually been using basic or ""weak AI"" to guide their market choices since the early 1980s. That basic AI could study financial data, learn from it, and make autonomous decisions that - hopefully - got ever more accurate. These weak AI systems did not predict 9/11, or even the credit crisis.', 'Fast-forward to today, and when we talk about AI we often mean something called ""generative AI"". This is far more powerful AI, which can create something new and then learn from that.', 'When applied to investment, generative AI can absorb masses of data and makes its own decisions. But it can also work out better ways to study the data and develop its own computer code.', 'Yet if this AI was originally fed bad data by the human programmers, then its decisions may simply get worse and worse the more code it creates.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', ""Elise Gourier, an associate professor in finance at the ESSEC Business School in Paris, is an expert in the study of AI going wrong. She cites Amazon's recruitment efforts in 2018 as a prime example."", '""Amazon was one of the first companies to get caught out,"" she says. ""What happened was that they developed this AI tool to recruit people.', '""So, they\'re getting thousands of CVs, and they thought we\'re just going to automate the whole process. And basically, the AI tool was reading the CVs for them and telling them who to hire.', '""The problem was that the AI tool was trained on its employees, and its employees are mainly men, and so, as a result of that, basically what the algorithm was doing was filtering out all the women.""', 'Amazon had to scrap the AI-powered recruitment. ', 'Generative AI can also simply just go wrong, and produce incorrect information, something termed a ""hallucination"", says Prof Sandra Wachter, a senior research fellow in AI at Oxford University. ', '""Generative AI is prone to bias and inaccuracies, it can spit out wrong information or completely fabricate facts. Without vigorous oversights it is hard to spot these flaws and hallucinations.""', 'Prof Sandra Wachter also warns that automated AI systems can be at risk of data leakage or something called ""model inversion attacks"". The latter - in simple terms - is when hackers ask the AI a series of specific questions in the hope that it reveals its underling coding and data.', 'There is also the chance that AI will become less of a genius investment advice engine, and more like the stock pickers you used to find in the Sunday newspapers. They would always recommend some minor share to buy first thing on Monday morning, and miraculously the shares would always jump in value first thing that day. ', 'This, of course, had nothing to do tens of thousands of readers all rushing to buy the share in question.', 'So despite all these risks, why are a sizeable number of investors seemingly keen to let AI make decisions for them? Business psychologist Stuart Duff, of consultancy firm Pearn Kandola, says some people simply trust computers more than other humans.', '""It\'s almost certainly reflecting an unconscious judgement that human investors are fallible, while machines are objective, logical and measured decision makers,"" he says. ""They may believe that AI will never have an off day, will never deliberately cheat the system, or try to hide losses.', '""Yet an AI investment tool may simply reflect all of the thinking errors and poor judgements of its developers. More than that, it may lose the benefit of intuitive experience and rapid reaction when unprecedented events strike in the future, such as the financial crash, and the Covid pandemic. Very few humans could create AI algorithms to cope with those massive events.""', 'Additional reporting by Will Smale.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A new artificial intelligence (AI) tool has been developed to help boost cancer diagnosis and treatment.', 'Scientists at Histofy, a spin-out company from The University of Warwick, have designed the device to help medical professionals to grade cancer by analysing how cells divide.', 'Counting the number of cells undergoing division serves as a key indicator of cancer aggressiveness, or grade.', 'This information is then used to decide on treatment options.', 'Traditional cell division counting methods have been described by Histofy scientists as ""time-consuming and plagued by poor reliability"".', 'To address this, the team developed MitPro, which uses AI to count and profile how cancer cells split throughout the entire tumour sample. This identifies the most suitable areas for further analysis.', 'The tool has been designed to enhance the current standard of care for grading various cancers, such as breast cancer and sarcomas.', 'Simon Graham, chief technology officer for Histofy at the University of Warwick\'s computer science department, said: ""AI holds tremendous potential in facilitating better cancer care. ', '""MitPro helps to improve current grading systems across a range of cancers by more accurately assessing the rate in which cancer cells are dividing.""', 'Follow BBC West Midlands on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: newsonline.westmidlands@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Microsoft sales accelerated in the final months of 2023, lifted by demand for its artificial intelligence tools.', 'The company said revenue in September to December rose 18% year-on-year to more than $60bn.', ""The update came as Microsoft became the world's most valuable listed company, its market value soaring past Apple this month to more than $3tn (Â£2.4tn). "", 'Chief executive Satya Nadella said Microsoft is applying AI ""at scale"". ', 'As the company provided a quarterly update to investors, the results confirm Microsoft as one of the leading companies as tech firms race to profit from an anticipated next wave of growth ushered in by advancements in AI. ', 'The tech giant has a large stake in OpenAI, the maker of the ChatGPT bot, which launched a wave of optimism about the new technological possibilities when it was released in 2022. ', 'However, its expansion has not been without controversy. US news organisation the New York Times is suing  OpenAI over claims its copyright was infringed to train the system.', 'The lawsuit, which also names Microsoft as a defendant, says the firms should be held responsible for ""billions of dollars"" in damages.', 'ChatGPT and other large language models (LLMs) ""learn"" by analysing a massive amount of data often sourced online.', 'Microsoft has been incorporating AI-assisted tools for coding, and other purposes, into its software and other offerings for businesses. Sales of Copilot started in November. The programme can summarise meetings held in Teams for anyone who chooses not to attend. Copilot can also draft emails, create word documents, spreadsheet graphs, and Powerpoint presentations.', 'Mr Nadella said these recent moves were paying off and ""winning new customers"".', ""Sales of Microsoft's Azure cloud computing offerings, which are closely watched by investors, rose 30% year-on-year, better than analysts had predicted. "", 'Overall, profits in the quarter rose 33% year-on-year to $21.9bn.', 'The strategy for artificial intelligence is also top of mind at Alphabet, the owner of Google and YouTube, which also updated investors on Tuesday. ', 'Alphabet said revenues in the September-December quarter rose 13% year-on-year and reported profits of nearly $20.7bn, compared with $13.6bn last year. ', ""Boss Sundar Pichai said the company's search, cloud computing and YouTube was also benefiting from investments in AI."", 'Despite the gains, both companies have continued to slim their workforce.  ', ""Google's headcount is down around 5% since last year, and it announced another round of job cuts this month."", 'Microsoft also announced plans to slim its gaming unit, cutting 1,900 jobs or 9% of staff in that division. ', 'The move followed the completion of its takeover of Activision Blizzard, maker of games Call of Duty and World of Warcraft. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""An ancient symbolic code lies behind the intricate patterns of Kashmir's traditional handwoven carpets and rugs. "", 'Called talim, the code has been used for hundreds of years to design carpets and convey information to weavers. ', 'From the age of eight, and following in the footsteps of his father, Mohammad Rafiq Sofi has been weaving carpets using talim designs.', '""It took me five years to learn how to weave properly,"" says Mr Sofi, now 57.', 'Much has changed during his half century in the industry. Mr Sofi says that in the early days it could take more than six months to complete a carpet. ', 'To start the process, a designer would draw up a carpet. A talim expert would then encode that design, and in small sections send it off for weaving.', 'Those chunks of code would be translated for Mr Sofi and weavers like him, showing them where to knot each thread and which colour to use. ', 'Each section would only represent a small piece of the carpet, so hundreds would be needed for the whole carpet, with much back and forth between the designers and weavers. ', 'The process made mistakes difficult to spot and time-consuming to correct.', 'But these days computer software has streamlined the process and Mr Sofi can finish a carpet in six weeks. ', 'The weaving and knotting is still done by hand, but now computer software handles the design and creation of the talim code. It means Mr Sofi can see the whole design at once, instead of just small sections.', 'Any potential problems can be spotted in advance, cutting down on time-consuming errors.', '""This innovation in handmade carpets is not to disrupt the essence of artistic carpets, it\'s just to speed up the process - designs being available now at a speed,"" says Mehmood Shah, the director of Handloom & Handicrafts for the government of Jammu and Kashmir.', 'More technology of business', 'The latest innovation comes from technology firms that are applying artificial intelligence to the process.', 'Aby Mathew is chief operating officer at International Virtual Assistance, a computer software firm that specialises in analysing data. ', 'His company is training an artificial intelligence (AI) system to understand the talim code by showing it pictures of carpets and lines of talim code. ', 'The AI is still being developed and the process will still require a human to write the code, but Mr Mathew says it should speed up manufacturing by decoding the talim instructions for the weavers.', '""Weavers will be able to try out new patterns, update classic themes to suit contemporary tastes, and produce one-of-a-kind, custom carpets,"" says Mr Mathew.', 'As India grows richer he sees an increasing demand for carpets that the traditional industry will struggle to meet. ', '""The tastes of customers are evolving, with a growing desire for carpets that are fashionable, long-lasting, and low maintenance. Conventional carpet-making techniques are frequently labour-intensive and sluggish - they might not be able to satisfy these needs,"" says Mr Mathew.', 'Aditya Gupta founded Rug Republic 32 years ago, it now employs around 5,000 people and makes up to 15,000 rugs per month. He says the Indian rug and carpet industry is facing stiff competition from rivals in Turkey and China and needs to keep up with the latest manufacturing techniques.', '""Innovation is important in every industry - without it, we die,"" he says.', '""The Indian carpet industry is an interesting case, where it is not only about moving forward with new tech, but rather moving the old and the new hand in hand.', '""The innovation now is oriented towards creating designs that cannot be copied by machines while still using traditional techniques.""', 'At Rug Republic, new tech has been introduced for the design, washing and drying of carpets and for monitoring moisture levels. As well as the traditional wool, materials like recycled jeans, cotton and leather have been experimented with.', 'Despite all the innovation, Mr Gupta still values the old methods.', '""The manufacturing side of things still needs to be traditional and handmade as that is the main charm the consumers seek.""', 'The industry has also been helped by an official tagging system which identifies a genuine hand-knotted Kashmiri carpets.', 'By scanning a QR code buyers can verify the carpet designer and how it was made. ', '""If the [Handicrafts] department hadn\'t taken this step, maybe this trade in handwoven carpets would have died in a few years,"" says carpet designer, Shahnawaz Ahmad.', 'That would have been a blow as the industry is an important part of the local economy. It employs around 50 thousand workers in Jammu and Kashmir, who collectively produce rugs and carpets worth around Â£36m ($28m) a year.', 'The developments in carpet making have given hope to old-timers like Feroz Ahmad Bhat, who has been weaving carpets for the past thirty years.', '""In my early days, our earnings were good and a lot of people were involved with this work. Then a time came when wages were very low. But now new designs have been introduced and this work has picked up pace again. Now it\'s flourishing again."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Social media platform X has blocked searches for Taylor Swift after explicit AI-generated images of the singer began circulating on the site.', 'In a statement to the BBC, X\'s head of business operations Joe Benarroch said it was a ""temporary action"" to prioritise safety.', 'When searching for Swift on the site, a message appears that says: ""Something went wrong. Try reloading."" ', 'Fake graphic images of the singer appeared on the site earlier this week.', 'Some went viral and were viewed millions of times, prompting alarm from US officials and fans of the singer.', 'Posts and accounts sharing the fake images were flagged by her fans, who populated the platform with real images and videos of her, using the words ""protect Taylor Swift"". ', 'The photos prompted X, formerly Twitter, to release a statement on Friday, saying that posting non-consensual nudity on the platform is ""strictly prohibited"". ', '""We have a zero-tolerance policy towards such content,"" the statement said. ""Our teams are actively removing all identified images and taking appropriate actions against the accounts responsible for posting them."" ', 'It is unclear when X began blocking searches for Swift on the site, or whether the site has blocked searches for other public figures or terms in the past.', 'In his email to the BBC, Mr Benarroch said the action is done ""with an abundance of caution as we prioritise safety on this issue"".', 'The issue caught the attention of the White House, who on Friday called the spread of the AI-generated photos ""alarming"". ', '""We know that lax enforcement disproportionately impacts women and they also impact girls, sadly, who are the overwhelming targets,"" said White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre during a briefing. ', 'She added that there should be legislation to tackle the misuse of AI technology on social media, and that platforms should also take their own steps to ban such content on their sites.', '""We believe they have an important role to play in enforcing their own rules to prevent the spread of misinformation and non-consensual, intimate imagery of real people,"" Ms Jean-Pierre said.', 'US politicians have also called for new laws to criminalise the creation of deepfake images. ', 'Deepfakes use artificial intelligence to make a video of someone by manipulating their face or body. A study in 2023 found that there has been a 550% rise in the creation of doctored images since 2019, fuelled by the emergence of AI.', 'There are currently no federal laws against the sharing or creation of deepfake images, though there have been moves at state level to tackle the issue.', 'In the UK, the sharing of deepfake pornography became illegal as part of its Online Safety Act in 2023.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence (AI) is increasingly being used by police forces around the world, but do the benefits always outweigh the risks?', 'Sarah is a victim of domestic abuse, and she is on the phone to a 999 emergency call handler.', 'She is scared and upset because her ex-husband is trying to break into her house.', 'While Sarah is talking to a human, the call is also being transcribed by an AI software system, one that links directly into UK police databases.', 'When she tells the handler the name of her husband and his date of birth, the AI quickly retrieves his details. It flashes up that the man has a gun licence, which means that police officers need to get to the home as soon as possible.', 'Although domestic abuse emergency calls are sadly all too common, the above example was thankfully not a live, real-world situation. Instead it a mock-up test, part of a three-month trial of AI emergency call software last year by Humberside Police.', 'The AI was provided by UK start-up Untrite AI, and is designed to make dealing with the thousands of calls received each day more efficient.', 'The system was trained on two years worth of historic data - all related to domestic abuse calls - provided by Humberside.', '""We set out to build an assistant for operators to make their jobs slightly easier, because it is a high stress and time-sensitive environment,"" says Kamila Hankiewicz, chief executive and co-founder of Untrite.', '""The AI model analyses a lot of the information, the transcript and the audio of the call, and produces a triaging score, which could be low, medium or high. A high score means that there has to be a police officer at the scene within five or 10 minutes.""', 'Untrite says the trial suggests that the software could save operators nearly a third of their time, both during and after each call. Other tech companies also now offering AI-powered emergency calls software systems include US businesses Corti and Carbyne.', 'The next stage for Untrite will be to use its AI in a live environment, and the firm is in talks with a number of police forces and other emergency services on making that happen.', 'AI has the potential to transform the way the police investigate and solve crimes. It can identify patterns and links in evidence, and sift through vast amounts of data far more quickly than any human. ', 'But we have already seen missteps in the use of the technology by law enforcement. For example, there were numerous reports in the US last year about AI-powered facial recognition software failing to accurately identify black faces.', 'Some US cities, such as San Francisco and Seattle, have already banned the use of the technology.  Yet it is increasingly being used by police forces on both sides of the Atlantic.', 'Albert Cahn, executive director of US anti-surveillance pressure group Surveillance Technology Oversight Project (Stop), is not happy with the development.', '""We\'ve seen a massive investment in, and use of, facial recognition despite evidence that it discriminates against black, Latino and Asian individuals, particularly black women,"" he says.', 'Such technology can be used in three main ways. Firstly, live facial recognition, which compares a live camera feed of faces against a predetermined watchlist.', 'Secondly, retrospective facial recognition, which compares still images of faces against an image database. And thirdly, operator-initiated facial recognition, in which an officer takes a photograph of a suspect, and submits it for a search against an image database.', ""Last October, the UK's Policing Minister Chris Philp said that UK police forces should double the number of searches they make using retrospective facial recognition technology over the next year."", ""Meanwhile, the UK's National Physical Laboratory (NPL) last year undertook independent testing of the three types of facial recognition technology, all of which have been used by the Metropolitan and South Wales police forces."", 'The NPL, which is the official UK body for setting measurement standards, concluded that accuracy levels had improved considerably in the latest versions of the software.', 'Yet it also noted that in some cases it was more likely to give false positive identification for black faces compared to white or Asian ones, something the NPL described as ""statistically significant"".', 'It is, of course, good news that independent tests are taking place, and West Midlands Police has gone a step further, setting up its own ethics committee to evaluate new tech tools.', 'This body is made up of data scientists, and chaired by Prof Marion Oswald, a professor of law at the University of Northumbria.', 'She told the BBC that the committee is currently assessing the use of a specific new facial recognition tool that would allow a police officer to take photographs of a suspect and compare it against a watchlist.', '""We will be recommending that there needs to be much more analysis of its validity,"" she says. ', 'Another key policing area that AI may transform is prevention. Or more specifically, its potential ability to predict where crimes may happen and who might commit them.', 'While this might conjure up images of the 2002 sci-fi thriller Minority Report, the idea is no longer just a Hollywood dream. ', 'A team at the University of Chicago has developed an algorithm that claims to be able to predict future crimes a week in advance with 90% accuracy.', 'But, with the old adage that AI systems are only as good as the data they are fed, there are big concerns from some.', 'Stop\'s Mr Cahn says that ""original sin"" of predictive policing is ""biased historical data"".', 'He adds: ""In the US we see a lot of crime prediction tools that crudely deploy algorithms to try to predict where crimes will happen in future, often to disastrous effect.""', 'Disastrous, he adds, because ""the US has notoriously terrible crime data"".', 'Prof Oswald agrees that using AI to predict crime is fraught with concern.  ""There is that feedback loop concern that you\'re not really predicting crime, you\'re just predicting the likelihood of arrest,"" she says.', '""The issue is that you are comparing a person against people who have committed similar crimes in the past, but only based on a very limited set of information. So not about all their other factors, and those others things about their life that you might need to know in order to make a determination about someone.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Scotland's Kirsty Gilmour is set to compete in her third Olympic Games this summer"", ""Scotland's Kirsty Gilmour is still receiving death threats and abuse on social media despite using artificial intelligence (AI) to block out trolls."", 'Last year the Olympian, 30, revealed she had been sent rape and death threats, thought to be from gamblers who had bet on matches she lost.', 'And while the new software has stopped much of the abuse reaching her, some is still getting through.', '""I received a terrible message the other day,"" she told BBC Scotland.', '""But I am currently working with an AI company called Arwen and a kind of investigative company called Sportradar. ', '""They can really investigate profiles and the AI software stops the messages from getting to me, so I can go on living my troll-less life. Then if I want anything investigated Sportradar would step in if we thought there was a real threat.', '""I\'ve got some things that came to the table after I last spoke out about it and I\'m just so, so grateful for all the support I got after that - not just from Arwen and Sportsradar but the hundreds of messages I received. ', '""It definitely has improved - but there\'s still meanies out there.""', 'Gilmour, a two-times Commonwealth Games medallist, is set for her third Olympics this summer in Paris, and says with ""time marching on"" she is changing her outlook on the sport.', '""I\'m constantly trying to think what can I do better, what gains can I make? Is there extra things I could be doing?"" she added.', '""I\'ve had a good chat with coaches and psychologists recently about how maybe we could let all that stuff go, maybe we could just trust what we\'re doing, and we could just be freer, so that\'s where I\'m trying to get my brain to currently. ', '""I\'ve been doing this tour for about 12 years now, and I\'m going to try a new thing where I trust myself and stop overthinking things, but probably I\'m going to overthink the best way to do that.""', 'If you have been affected by any of the issues raised in this story you can visit BBC Action Line.', 'Smitha Mundasad explores whether anything can be done to get rid of it', 'Surprising facts and interesting history from the makers of QI', ""'Stay-at-home-daughter' Chi is suddenly forced to fend for herself when her parents die"", 'Rob Brydon unpicks the complex character of Barry Humphries aka Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The government has stopped routinely suspending benefit claims flagged by its Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered fraud detector, it has emerged.', 'The Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) uses the technology to identify potentially suspicious claims for Universal Credit (UC).', 'It was previously the case that applications were put on hold while officials investigated further.', 'But a top official has now confirmed the department is no longer doing this.', 'Neil Couling, a senior DWP civil servant, revealed the change in policy in evidence to a committee of MPs.', 'He told the committee the department had decided to change tack following ""feedback from claimants and elected representatives"".', 'His comments have not been widely reported, but it is thought to be the first time the DWP has publicly acknowledged its shift in approach. The BBC has asked the department to confirm when it changed.', 'The DWP has put its AI tool at the heart of a plan to tackle increasing levels of benefits fraud, projecting it could save the department Â£1.6bn by 2030/31 through better targeting of investigations.', 'It employs an algorithm powered by machine learning, a widely-used form of AI, to analyse historical data to identify higher-risk claims that are then referred for investigation by officials.', 'Since 2022 it has been used to screen claims for UC advances - up-front payments made to those in urgent need, which are then repaid monthly.', 'It was also revealed last year that the technology is being rolled out to help detect fraud in other areas, including where people have incorrectly declared their earnings or housing costs.', 'It had sparked concerns from campaigners that any potential bias in the system could lead to unfair payment delays for legitimate claimants.', 'The DWP has never disclosed how many claims have been flagged by the system, or how many suspensions have been applied as a result, making its impact difficult to assess.', 'Asked at the work and pensions committee last week whether it could cause delays, Mr Couling replied: ""We actually changed our approach in the light of feedback from claimants and elected representatives. ', '""We used to suspend all the cases, and now we don\'t suspend,"" he said.', 'He added that the department\'s officials were able to investigate referrals more quickly as they had ""caught up"" with Covid-era backlogs.', 'Claims are now only put on on hold, he added, if claimants themselves fail to respond to inquiries from investigators.', 'Child Poverty Action Group, which has previously raised concerns about the algorithm, told the BBC it was glad that routine suspensions now appear to have stopped.', 'Sara Ogilvie, the group\'s policy director, said the practice raised ""serious questions"" and MPs needed ""reassurances that it will not happen again"".', 'The department has not disclosed how exactly its algorithm works, arguing that revealing too much information about it could undermine its attempts to tackle fraudsters.', ""It has promised to publish more information about its impact in the department's next set of annual accounts, due later this year."", 'Mr Couling said the DWP had processes in place to deal with potential bias, including by conducting checks at the design phase and monitoring who is referred.  ', '""If you look at the experience of some other countries when they have tried to use this technique, they have got themselves into quite a pickle. I am determined that we do not do that in the UK,"" he added.', 'Also giving evidence to MPs, Peter Schofield, the DWP\'s top civil servant, said the department tried to carry out checks ""as effectively as we can"".', 'When asked if the technology could lead to a situation similar to the Horizon scandal, where postmasters were prosecuted for theft using evidence from faulty software, he replied: ""I really hope not"".', 'The algorithm is among a series of measures the DWP is using to tackle benefits fraud, which went up during Covid when some in-person checks were suspended.', ""The department previously forecast it could get fraud down to pre-pandemic levels by 2027/28, but Mr Schofield told MPs he didn't this would happen."", 'Mr Couling said he thought the impact of Covid had been overestimated, and had masked a trend towards a ""greater acceptance of fraud"" in society in recent years, including when it comes to declaring earnings. ', 'A DWP spokesperson said: ""The department continues to explore the potential of new technologies in combatting fraud but we have always been consistent that a member of staff will always make the final decision to determine fraud or error.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The American sports magazine Sports Illustrated is facing further turmoil, after the media company charged with publishing the magazine has lost its licence to do so.', 'Staff said they had been warned to expect mass layoffs and that the future of the storied title was unclear. ', 'Sports Illustrated owner Authentic Brands Group said the brand, including ""its editorial arm"" would live on.', 'Publisher Arena Group said talks over the licence were ongoing. ', '""We are in active discussions with Authentic Brands Group ... but we understand we aren\'t the only ones,"" a spokeswoman for the company said. ', 'Sports Illustrated launched in 1954 and was for decades a premier title in American sports journalism. ', 'Known for using sports to delve into wider issues, its covers were a coveted spot for athletes and its swimsuit issues regularly sparked commentary. ', 'But, like other magazine and newspapers, it has struggled as eyeballs and advertising shift online. ', 'Authentic Brands Group, which is known for scooping up stressed brands, especially retail names, and licensing them to operators, purchased the title in 2019 for $110m (Â£85.5m).', 'It had warned Arena earlier this month that it planned to cancel their deal, after Arena missed a $3.75m payment, according to filings with financial regulators. ', '""We are committed to ensuring that the traditional ad-supported Sports Illustrated media pillar has best in class stewardship to preserve the complete integrity of the brand\'s legacy,"" Authentic Brands said in a statement on Friday.. ', 'The spokeswoman for Arena said it would continue to produce Sports Illustrated until the licensing issue was resolved. It also currently owes Authentic a $45m fee due to the cancellation, according to regulatory filings.', '""We hope to be the company to take [Sports Illustrated] forward but if not, we are confident that someone will,"" she said. ""If it is another business, we will support with the transition so the legacy of Sports Illustrated doesn\'t suffer.""', ""Arena, which also puts out smaller titles such as Men's Journal and Parade, has published Sports Illustrated since 2019."", 'It has presided over job cuts and other turmoil, including a scandal that erupted last year, in which the magazine was accused of publishing articles using artificial intelligence.', 'The company removed the pieces and launched an investigation. It also said it had licensed the content from another firm, which works with e-commerce companies. ', 'It subsequently fired a slew of executives, including former chief executive Ross Levinsohn, a controversial former executive at Yahoo and Tribune Publishing. ', 'On Thursday, it warned it would be cutting more than 100 jobs - or about one third of its workforce - citing ""substantial debt and recently missed payments"".', '""This is another difficult day in what has been a difficult four years for Sports Illustrated under Arena Group ... stewardship,"" the union representing staff at Sports Illustrated said on Friday. ', 'It called on Authentic Brands Group to ""ensure the continued publication of SI and allow it to serve our audience in the way it has for nearly 70 years"". ', 'Arena in August announced it was trying to pull together a deal to be purchased by another media firm.', 'Shares in the firm, which were trading above $9 a year ago, fell by more than a third to less than $1 on Friday. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Imagine the scene: you're at home with your family and your phone starts pinging... people you know are warning you about something they've seen about you on social media."", ""It's not the best feeling."", ""In my case, it was a screenshot, apparently taken from Elon Musk's chatbot Grok, although I couldn't verify it, placing me on a list of the worst spreaders of disinformation on  X (Twitter), alongside some big US conspiracy theorists. "", 'I had nothing in common with them, and as a journalist, this was not the sort of top 10 I wanted to feature in.', 'I don\'t have access to Grok in the UK so I asked both ChatGPT and Google\'s Bard to make the same list, using the same prompt. Both chatbots refused, with Bard responding that it would be ""irresponsible"" to do so.', ""I've done a lot of reporting about AI and regulation, and one of the big worries people have is how our laws keep up with this fast-changing and highly disruptive tech."", 'Experts in several countries are agreed that humans must always be able to challenge AI actions, and as time goes on AI tools are increasingly both generating content about us and also making decisions about our lives.', 'There is no official AI regulation in the UK yet, but the government says issues about its activity should be folded into the work of existing regulators. ', 'I decided to try to put things right.', 'My first port of call was X - which ignored me, as it does most media queries.', ""I then tried two UK regulators. The Information Commissioner's Office is the government agency for data protection, but it suggested I go to Ofcom, which polices the Online Safety Act. "", ""Ofcom told me the list wasn't covered by the act because it wasn't criminal activity."", '""Illegal contentâ\x80¦ means that the content must amount to a criminal offence, so it doesn\'t cover civil wrongs like defamation. A person would have to follow civil procedures to take action,"" it said. ', 'Essentially, I would need a lawyer.', 'There are a handful of ongoing legal cases round the world, but no precedent as yet.  ', 'In the US, a radio presenter called Mark Walters is suing ChatGPT creator OpenAI after the chatbot falsely stated that he had defrauded a charity. ', 'And a mayor in Australia threatened similar action after the same chatbot wrongly said he had been found guilty of bribery. He was in fact a whistleblower - the AI tool had joined the wrong dots in its data about him.  He settled the case.', 'I approached two lawyers with AI expertise. The first turned me down.', 'The second told me I was in ""unchartered territory"" in England and Wales.', 'She confirmed that what had happened to me could be considered defamation, because I was identifiable and the list had been published. ', ""But she also said the onus would be on me to prove the content was harmful. I'd have to demonstrate that being a journalist accused of spreading misinformation was bad news for me.  "", 'I didn\'t know how I had ended up on that list, or exactly who had seen it. It was immensely frustrating that I couldn\'t access Grok myself. I do know it has a ""fun mode"", for spikier responses - was it messing with me?', 'AI chatbots are known to ""hallucinate"", which is big-tech speak for making things up. Not even their creators know why. They carry a disclaimer saying their output may not be reliable. And you don\'t necessarily get the same answer twice.', 'I spoke to my colleagues in BBC Verify, a team of journalists which forensically checks out information and sources. ', 'They did some digging, and they think the screenshot that accused me of spreading misinformation and kicked off this whole saga might have been faked in the first place.', 'The irony is not lost on me.', 'But my experience opened my eyes to just one of the challenges that lies ahead as AI plays an increasingly powerful part in our lives.', ""The task for AI regulators is to make sure there's always a straightforward way for humans to challenge the computer. If AI is lying about you - where do you start? I thought I knew, but it was still a difficult path."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['It has happened to most people waiting for a specific bus in a busy city - you stand around for ages only for three to turn up at once.', 'This phenomenon is known as ""bus bunching"", and it can be annoying.', 'To try to alleviate the problem, UK operator First Bus, which runs bus services across the UK, has turned to artificial intelligence (AI) powered software to design and automatically update its timetables.', '""Bus timetables are quite complex, because we\'ve got 4,000 buses throughout the UK, and they\'re out for typically 16 hours a day,"" says Simon Pearson, chief commercial officer at First Bus. ""Getting them to run on time is one heck of a challenge.""', 'Before the use of AI, Mr Pearson says that bus scheduling ""was a lot more manual, and it was a lot slower"". It was in fact such a complicated job that First Bus would typically only change timetables three times a year.', ""Now AI's greater processing power and ability to learn enables the company to alter timetables more often if needed."", 'It can also make automatic adjustments on any given day if required by road congestion, which, the company says, helps to prevent bus services bunching up.', 'First Bus, part of Aberdeen-based First Group, began introducing the AI technology in trial areas including Bristol, Glasgow and West Yorkshire back in November 2022.', 'Mr Pearson says that it has resulted in 20% more punctuality during some peak periods, and that the firm is now rolling out the AI across all its UK routes. However, this level of improvement has not been enough to satisfy passengers in some of the trial locations, who report that the bus services remain irregular.', 'According to Mr Pearson the new responsive scheduling reduces the stress for bus drivers, and that local governments - which often subsidise services - can save money thanks to better optimisation of bus numbers.', '""The business case for this is strong,"" adds Mr Pearson.', 'The charity Bus Users, which campaigns for more and better bus services, says that whatever new method is used to devise timetables, passengers need to be informed of changes.', '""From the passenger perspective, the method used to compile timetables is less important than ensuring the information put out is accurate, up to date and available in a range of accessible formats,"" says Bus Users\' chief executive Claire Walters.', '""What matters even more is that the timetables themselves are based on the transport needs of the communities they serve.""', 'These views were echoed by Transport Focus, the independent watchdog for transport users. ""It is vital that bus operators communicate any changes effectively with passengers who rely on their service,"" says Transport Focus director David Sidebottom.', ""First Bus' AI software is provided by London-based tech firm Prospective. To train its AI it says it uses billions of data points, including GPS location sensors and ticketing records. "", '""Prospective\'s simulation engine can run hundreds of thousands of simulated scenarios per minute, which means we can identify optimal solutions fast enough for real-time applications,"" says Pete Ferguson, the firm\'s chief executive.', 'He adds that the software also has to factor in the needs of the increasing number of electric buses. ""The widespread and accelerating adoption of electric buses requires regular, coordinated and precisely timed charging schedules to be integrated into daily operations. The movement of vehicles in and around the depot needs to be precisely managed to support this.""', 'Looking ahead, Mr Ferguson says that Prospective is also using AI to help bus firms come up with new routes.', 'Such use of AI to help plan and organise public transport more efficiently is growing globally. In Japan, a company called Next Mobility runs on-demand, shared 10-seater minibuses.', 'The service is called KnowRoute, and passengers can request rides from specific stops over the phone, via an app, or through a webpage.', 'Kanako Kon, a senior manager at Next Mobility, says the system uses AI ""to create a very efficient route"" for each minivan. ', 'The AI also allocates the vehicles, processes the reservations, provides dispatch instructions to drivers, and sends notifications to passengers. Aimed at parts of Japan with limited bus or train services, KnowRoute now operates permanently in 30 locations across the country.', ""Its software is provided by Canadian AI firm Spare. Spare's co-founder Josh Andrews says that it provides the AI with data about an area's demographics, key points of interest, historic rider demand, and other factors. The AI then predicts minibus requirements on any given day."", 'Mr Andrews adds that the aim is to ensure that the minibus service is as ""seamless as possible"".', 'Eduardo Mascarenhas is an AI expert at the Urban Mobility initiative of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT). EIT Urban Mobility is a European Union backed project that is researching how to create more liveable towns and cities.', 'He says that there is a huge amount of important data that can be fed to AI public transport software.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'Mr Mascarenhas gives the example of a small city. ""Where do elderly people go to buy their groceries, or where is there a very famous doctor in the city that all the elderly want to go to? From these small observations you can make bigger models.""', 'While there\'s no substitute for deep local knowledge, Mr Mascarenhas is optimistic about the growing use of AI in public transport planning. ""I think we have a great way in the future to go.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Radiologists are using artificial intelligence (AI) software to help detect abnormalities on chest X-rays as part of a new research study.', 'Clinicians at Ipswich Hospital will review the X-rays in conjunction with AI as part of the LungIMPACT research. ', 'It is hoped, if successful, it could speed up diagnostic times.', 'Consultant radiologist Dr James Hathorn said the study was ""important for the future of healthcare"".', 'He said: ""There aren\'t many big clinical research studies focused on artificial intelligence to prove its real worth, so we\'re really excited to be part of this study to help find clinical evidence for the benefits.""', '""We want all AI products to be properly researched and evidenced so this is an important study for the future of healthcare.""', 'The AI software should help detect any possible abnormalities and help radiologists prioritise which X-rays to review first.', 'Dr Hathorn added: ""Hopefully using this technology will speed up the time to diagnosis and ensure patients who need treatment can have it as fast as possible.""', 'Final decisions will remain with clinicians. ', 'The study is being run by Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust with Ipswich Hospital one of a few national sites taking part. ', 'All GP-referred chest X-rays at Ipswich Hospital will go through the study. ', 'The study will run until the end of July 2024, so may view 9,000 chest X-rays taken from GP referrals. ', 'Frances Farnworth, assistant director of research and development at East Suffolk and North Essex NHS Foundation Trust, said: ""Real-world research in routine environments is really important, as it comes with all the necessary regulatory checks and approvals necessary in the NHS.', '""This assures our patients their data stays within a secure environment.""', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence is set to affect nearly 40% of all jobs, according to a new analysis by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).', 'IMF\'s managing director Kristalina Georgieva says ""in most scenarios, AI will likely worsen overall inequality"".', 'Ms Georgieva adds that policymakers should address the ""troubling trend"" to ""prevent the technology from further stoking social tensions"".', 'The proliferation of AI has put its benefits and risks under the spotlight.', 'The IMF said AI is likely to affect a greater proportion of jobs - put at around 60% - in advanced economies. In half of these instances, workers can expect to benefit from the integration of AI, which will enhance their productivity.', 'In other instances, AI will have the ability to perform key tasks that are currently executed by humans. This could lower demand for labour, affecting wages and even eradicating jobs.', 'Meanwhile, the IMF projects that the technology will affect just 26% of jobs in low-income countries.', 'It echoes a report from Goldman Sachs in 2023, which estimated AI could replace the equivalent of 300 million full-time jobs - but said there may also be new jobs alongside a boom in productivity.', 'Ms Georgieva said ""many of these countries don\'t have the infrastructure or skilled workforces to harness the benefits of AI, raising the risk that over time the technology could worsen inequality among nations"".', 'More generally, higher-income and younger workers may see a disproportionate increase in their wages after adopting AI.', 'Lower-income and older workers could fall behind, the IMF believes. ', '""It is crucial for countries to establish comprehensive social safety nets and offer retraining programmes for vulnerable workers,"" Ms Georgieva said. ""In doing so, we can make the AI transition more inclusive, protecting livelihoods and curbing inequality.""', 'The IMF analysis comes as global business and political leaders gather at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.', 'AI is a topic of discussion, following the surge in popularity of applications like ChatGPT.', ""The technology is facing increased regulation around the world. Last month, European Union officials reached a provisional deal on the world's first comprehensive laws to regulate the use of AI. "", ""China has introduced some of the world's first national regulations on AI, which include rules concerning how algorithms can be developed and deployed. "", 'In October, President Biden signed an executive order compelling developers to share safety results relating to AI with the US government.', 'The following month the UK hosted an AI Safety Summit, at which at a declaration on the safe development of the technology was signed by multiple countries.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['""Come get your AI pillow - stop snoring tonight!"" ', ""I'm walking around CES - the tech industry's annual showcase of all its latest gadgets - in a bit of a daze, until this pitch grabs my attention."", 'What on earth is an AI pillow? ', 'Motion Sleep, a South Korean company, has a large space in one of the main exhibition halls at CES. Intrigued, I wander in. ', ""First I'm offered a few stats about the consequences of bad sleep. One sign points to the number of accidents caused by drowsy driving. Another goes through the health consequences of sleep apnoea. "", 'The solution the company has landed on is a pillow that detects snoring. It then pumps air into different compartments of a pillow, which gently lifts the head, making the offending snorer roll over and - in theory - alleviating snoring. ', 'This is a pretty typical CES product so far. There are thousands of these kinds of inventions that may or may not take off. ', 'But this pillow is different, we are told. This pillow contains AI. ', '""With the AI, it can be trained to know what you sound like specifically when you snore,"" a representative insists.  ', '""That way it can differentiate between you snoring and the TV or cars outside.""', ""And the pillow is far from the only device to lay claim to the special power that, we are meant to believe, AI confers. At Samsung's exhibit, for example, an entire section was devoted to AI-capable household devices. "", ""I'm shown an AI vacuum cleaner - that looks very much like a normal vacuum cleaner - with one small difference. "", 'An ""AI"" function mode apparently allows the vacuum to assess types of surfaces. It can then apply different levels of suction accordingly. ', ""There's an AI washing machine that can purportedly detect different types of fabric too. "", '""AI Wash uses sensors to sense the laundry\'s weight and level of soiling, and optimises the amount of water, detergent and rinsing time, using machine learning,"" a Samsung press release says. ', ""I'm shown the washing machine by a Samsung representative. I'm still slightly puzzled about how this is actually using AI. "", '""This will learn your clothes,"" they say. I remain confused. ', ""Elsewhere at the show, there's an AI mirror and even an AI toothbrush. No product is too boring or humdrum, it seems, to escape an AI makeover. "", 'This video can not be played', 'The AI mirror did not hold back when analysing my face', 'The explanation, perhaps, is that all of these companies are facing pressure from investors and shareholders to have some kind of AI offering, because it attracts attention and investment. ', ""OpenAI's incredibly successful launch of ChatGPT is why everyone is talking about AI - and the potential it has. "", 'This is a large language model (LLM) that uses a type of machine learning to produce detailed and human-like answers to questions. ', 'But an AI toothbrush or vacuum is a very long way away from ChatGPT.', 'And that takes us neatly to one of the major problems with AI more generally. It has no universally accepted definition. ', '""AI suffers from an unrelenting, incurable case of vagueness,"" Eric Siegel, a machine learning expert, told me over the summer. ', 'That lack of a definition means that all things AI have been caught up in a blistering year of hype. ', ""That's the case with products that already contained AI without much fanfare before. Now their AI capability, however obscure, is hammed up. "", ""But there is a problem with this craze for all things AI: Companies claiming AI capability when really their products don't actually use machine learning. "", 'The Federal Trade Commission in the US has put out advisory notes aimed at companies stretching the definition of AI. ', '""Does the product actually use AI at all? If you think you can get away with baseless claims that your product is AI-enabled, think again,"" a note from the FTC published in February last year says. ', 'Yet in that same note, the FTC accepts that AI is ""an ambiguous term with many possible definitions"". ', ""That's clearly a problem for consumers - but it's also a problem for journalists. For years now I've covered companies that claim to be using AI in their products. Often they provide no evidence to back this assertion up - often saying the technology is proprietary. "", ""It's very hard then to know what the engine looks like when you can't look under the bonnet. "", 'Some companies are already aware that the use of the term AI has become counter-productive. One product that has had rave reviews this year at CES is called R1, made by Rabbit. The phone like device uses a form of generative AI - and allows users to circumvent apps, and simply ask for things to be done. Like booking a flight or taxi. ', ""But in Rabbit's pitch, AI is barely mentioned. Instead the company talks about foundation models, and even a new term: Large Action Models."", 'Back at Samsung, I come across a product that clearly does use generative AI: A fridge that analyses the food in it and can suggest recipes. At last something that appears to be pretty obviously AI. ', ""But then I'm hit with another question. Do I need my fridge to give me recipes? I have never felt frustrated about the lack of culinary advice given to me by my fridge. "", ""So for now, I'm going to stick to my non-AI capable pillow, my non-AI capable washing machine and my non-AI vacuum cleaner. And, I think, the chances are you will too."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence (AI) could be used to stop vandalism on historic sites.', 'Research published by Prof Robin Bryant found an increase in the defacement of churches, castles and monasteries in an area of Kent.', 'Mr Bryant, from Canterbury Christ Church University, believes AI could be used to ""link offences together"".', 'It is hoped the technology could identify offenders by tracking tags and matching graffiti in other areas.', 'The new research, funded by Historic England, and published by Mr Bryant, who is director of criminal justice practice at Canterbury Christ Church University, analysed crimes recorded over a four year period across Kent and Medway.', 'It found 8% of all recorded crime and anti-social behaviour occurs within, at, or close to, a protected heritage site.', 'Mr Bryant said: ""Our best estimates suggest that currently approximately one in five listed buildings and one in four places of worship in Kent and Medway experience some form of crime each year.', '""AI offers the possibility to link offences together to the same offenders. In classic policing terms, this is normally a very good start in terms of an investigation.""', 'Mark Harrison, head of heritage crime at Historic England, said the research presented an exciting opportunity to investigate graffiti within the ""historic environment"".', 'Mr Bryant is working alongside Mr Harrison on a project which could see supervised machine learning.', 'Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on X, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The government is attempting to develop new Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems in-house rather than outsource them to IT firms, a minister has said.', 'Alex Burghart claimed ""high end"" AI specialists were willing to take a pay cut to work for the government.', 'They are being recruited to work on systems to cut waste and improve productivity, he added.', 'It comes after a string of high-profile IT procurement disasters such as the Post Office Horizon system.', 'Asked how the government could avoid repeating mistakes of the past when it came to AI, the Cabinet Office minister said: ""The approach that we have chosen to take with this work is very much in-house.', '""We have gone through a period where in-house has often been balanced or completely outstripped by outsourcing.""', 'But he said he wanted a team that understood ""nascent"" AI technology and could ""help us build things"" that could be used across government.', 'Speaking at Centre for Policy Studies event in London, the Conservative MP said the government was in the process of recruiting 30 AI experts.', '""The enthusiasm for people to move out of the private sector - and presumably take quite a considerable pay cut  - in order to work for the government on the next generation of AI is really tangible,"" he told the event.', 'Among the ideas the Cabinet Office is working on is an ""AI red box"". The red box is the system by which ministers receive important papers.', '""What it does is it can read documents that go into your red box, it can summarise them, it can highlight connections between papers, connections between previous papers,"" said Mr Burghart.', '""And over time, as we fine-tune this model, it will become, I believe, the institutional memory of the department.""', 'Staff in the Cabinet Office ""don\'t always stay that long"", he said, meaning the loss of people who remember ""things that happened three, four or five years ago"".', '""But with an effective AI red box, that won\'t be a problem,"" he added. ""We will be able to retain the experiences of previous policies and previous successes.""', 'The digital ministerial briefcase is being used by several ministers while it is being fine-tuned, and once ready will be offered to all colleagues, he said.', 'The minister said he was hoping to get more cash from Chancellor Jeremy Hunt, in his Spring Budget, to develop AI systems to reduce fraud and error and improve productivity across government departments.', 'Asked about the impact of AI on civil service jobs, he said: ""We may not need to employ thousands of people to do fraud detection in the future.', '""I hope we don\'t. I hope that that\'s something that we can make infinitely easier and cheaper for the British public.', '""As we master this technology, you can certainly envisage a future in which you have a smaller civil service than you have today.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Prominent voice actors say they weren't told about a landmark deal setting out how voices generated by artificial intelligence (AI) can be used in games."", ""It has been struck by US actors' union Sag-Aftra and AI firm Replica Studios."", 'The union says it guarantees ""fully informed consent and fair compensation"" for its members.', 'But many voice artists, who have long been concerned AI will replace them, have reacted with fury with one calling the deal ""garbage.""', 'In an email to members, seen by the BBC, Sag-Aftra said the deal was negotiated by a committee which included ""actors with significant and diverse experience performing in games"".', '""The contract was specifically tailored to the needs of voice actors, ensuring informed consent and proper compensation terms that are unique to this set of performers,"" it said.  ', 'It comes after Sag-Aftra led a months-long strike in 2023 to fight for protections from film and television studios using AI.', 'Many voice actors have suggested this new deal is at odds with the purpose of that industrial action, with Fallout and Mortal Kombat voice actor Sunil Malhotra saying he ""sacrificed to strike half of last year to keep my profession alive, not shop around my AI replica"".', 'In a blog covering the announcement, Sag-Aftra said the deal was ""approved by affected members of the union\'s voiceover performer community"".', '""Recent developments in AI technology have underscored the importance of protecting the rights of voice talent, particularly as game studios explore more efficient ways to create their games,"" said the union\'s chief negotiator Duncan Crabtree-Ireland. ', '""With this agreement, we have achieved fully informed consent and fair compensation when it comes to the use of our members\' voices and performances.""', 'But Steve Blum, a voice actor once credited by Guinness for being the most prolific in video games, said ""nobody"" he knew of had approved the deal.', 'This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitterâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', 'According to Sag-Aftra, the agreement lays out terms and conditions for AI-generated voices in video games, which can be licensed by Replica Studios both in gaming and other forms of media.', 'It requires the AI firm to get consent from actors before it uses voices based on their likeness, and also gives voice actors the ability to deny their voice being used in perpetuity without their consent.', 'But it has been met with consternation from the performers themselves, with World of Warcraft voice actor Andrew Russell calling it ""garbage"", while Shelby Young, who will provide the voice of Yuko in the upcoming Persona 3: Reload, said she was ""really disappointed"" in the union.', 'Voice actors outside of gaming have also criticised the agreement, with Joshua Seth, known for voicing Tai in animated series Digimon, calling it a ""big mistake"", while audiobook narrator Paige Reisenfeld said she was ""ashamed"" that her union payments went towards it.', 'And Veronica Taylor, who provided the voice for Ash in Pokemon, asked how the deal was made without being put to a vote.', 'This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitterâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', 'But Sag-Aftra president Fran Drescher said the deal was ""a great example of AI being done right"".', 'Meanwhile, Replica Studios CEO Shreya Nivas said the deal was an ""ethical approach"" to AI.', '""We are excited by the new opportunities this opens up for world-leading AAA studios who can now access the benefits of Replica\'s AI voice technology while knowing that talent is recognized and compensated fairly for the use of their likeness,"" he said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""There is a belief that each fingerprint on one person's hand is completely unique but that is now being challenged by research from Columbia University."", 'A team at the US university trained an AI tool to examine 60,000 fingerprints to see if it could work out which ones belonged to the same individual.', 'The researchers claim the technology could identify, with 75-90% accuracy, whether prints from different fingers came from one person.', 'But they are not sure how it works. ', '""We don\'t know for sure how the AI does it,"" admitted Prof Hod Lipson, a roboticist at Columbia University who supervised the study.', 'The researchers think the AI tool was analysing the fingerprints in a different way to traditional methods - focusing on the orientation of the ridges in the centre of a finger rather than the way in which the individual ridges end and fork which is known as minutiae.', '""It is clear that it isn\'t using traditional markers that forensics have been using for decades,"" said Prof Lipson. ""It seems like it is using something like the curvature and the angle of the swirls in the centre.""', 'Prof Lipson said both he and Gabe Guo,  an undergraduate student, were both surprised by the outcome.', '""We were very sceptical... we had to check and double check,"" he said.', 'That may not be news to others in the field. ', 'Graham Williams, professor of forensic science at Hull University, said the idea of unique fingerprints had never been set in stone.', '""We don\'t actually know that fingerprints are unique,"" he said. ""All we can say is that as far as we are aware, no two people have yet to demonstrate the same fingerprints.""', ""The results of Columbia University's study could have the potential to impact both biometrics - using one particular finger to unlock a device or provide identification - and forensic science."", 'If, for example, an unidentified thumb print is found at crime scene A, and an unidentified index finger print at crime scene B, the two could not currently be forensically connected to the same person - but the AI tool could be able to identify this.', 'The Columbia University team, none of whom have forensic backgrounds, admitted that more research was needed.', 'AI tools are typically trained on vast amounts of data and many more fingerprints would be required to develop this technology further. ', 'Additionally, all the fingerprints used to develop the model were complete prints and of good quality, whereas often in the real world partial or poor prints are more likely to be found.', '""Our tool is not good enough for deciding evidence in court cases but it is good for generating leads in forensics investigations,"" claimed Mr Guo.', 'But Dr Sarah Fieldhouse, associate professor of forensic science at Staffordshire University, said she did not think the study would have ""significant impact"" on criminal casework at this stage. ', 'She said there were questions around whether the markers the AI tool was focusing on remained the same depending on how the skin twisted as it came into contact with the print surface, and also whether they remained the same over the course of a lifetime, like traditional markers do.', 'But this could be tricky to answer as the researchers are uncertain about exactly what the AI is doing, as is the case with many AI-driven tools.', 'The Columbia University study has been peer-reviewed and will be published in the journal Science Advances on Friday.', ""But a pair of twins in Cheshire might be ahead of everyone. Their grandmother Carol told the BBC her two grandchildren can open each other's iPhones using their own fingers."", '""They showed me on Christmas day,"" she said. ""We were told they were identical when they were born but I can tell the difference between them as they\'ve got older.""', ""She claimed that her grandchildren can also bypass the handsets' facial recognition feature."", 'Fingerprints are formed before birth. Research published last year suggested the genetic process behind them may be similar to the way animals like zebras and leopards get their markings: a theory first proposed by codebreaker Alan Turing in the 1950s.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Comic book writer David Crownson is fearful that artificial intelligence (AI) is ""going to put a lot of people out of work"" in his industry.', '""With studios and big-name publishers looking for ways to save money and cut corners, they will no doubt use AI technology,"" he says.', 'As the growth of AI surged to prominence last year, writers and illustrators of comic books and animations continue to be particularly concerned about its potential impact on them.', ""After all, AI can produce digital images in seconds, images that wouldn't look out of place in a graphic novel. At least to those of us with untrained eyes. And AI can write stories too."", 'With a small but fast-growing number of AI-made comics and animated TV programmes already released commercially, the technology could transform the industry.', 'There is a lot of money involved - the global comic book market is worth an estimated $15.5bn (Â£12.2bn) a year, while the animated industry is 25 times bigger, at $411bn.', 'New Jersey-based Mr Crownson is also the boss of publisher Kingwood Comics, which focuses on both promoting black writers, and releasing comic books with black characters.', '""Now I have to compete with an AI user who can produce faster content,"" he says. ""Also, a white person could tell his AI to create an action adventure comic with black characters.""', 'Mr Crownson points to a similar development that has already happened in the clothing industry, where jeans giant Levi admitted last year to using AI to artificially create photos of black models. ', 'He adds that he is fearful that it may lead to a lot of unemployed comic book writers who come from an ethnic minority background. ""AI is dangerous to the employment of black artists,"" he says.', 'AI can never replicate the quality of humans when it comes to storytelling, argues Shawnee Gibbs. Working with her twin Shawnelle, the Los Angeles-based sisters have written graphic novels for Marvel Comics and Harper Collins, and animations for Cartoon Network and Dreamworks Animation.', '""It is important for us to advocate for human storytellers now, so that there is an industry left for future creators later,"" says Shawnee. ""This is an incredibly unique medium [comics and animation] that gets its DNA from the collaboration of writers and artists. I can\'t imagine that kind of synergy when you generate stories from AI.""', 'However, her sister Shawnelle says she is ""sure AI will change the industry in ways we can\'t even fathom at the moment"".', 'She wants to see ""legislation emerge that protects human creators as AI technology evolves"". At present there is little definite in this area, but Californian governor Gavin Newsom is now investigating the issue.', 'Meanwhile, US authorities ruled last year that the images in an AI-created comic book could not be copyrighted. ', 'The Gibbs sisters are members of Women In Comics Collective International, an organisation that supports female comic book writers and illustrators. It was established in 2012 by US comic book writer Regine Sawyer.', '""We discuss the use of AI in our panel discussions, and will continue to do so,"" says Ms Sawyer. ""Our members are very concerned. We want to be very clear about our stance on how AI is used in the comic book industry.""', 'Their stance is that AI is a great tool for research, but not as a creator of material. ""When it\'s used to replace creators, therein lies the problem,"" she adds.', 'Dave Jesteadt, is president of GKids, a US company that produces and distributes animated films. He agrees that the use of AI should be limited to an assistant role, but that he has yet to see this done successfully. ""To the extent that AI can help individual creators as a tool, I look forward to seeing positive examples in the years to come.""', 'Rob Edwards is a screenwriter of animated movies and writer of graphic novels. His film work includes co-writing the script for the Oscars-nominated 2009 film The Princess And The Frog. He fears that AI will deprive both comic books and animations of their inventiveness.', '""A world of writers using AI is a world of derivative, recycled, impersonal ideas,"" he says. ""Right now, there\'s a kid out there drawing the next weird but innovative comic book that could inspire millions. My concern is that AI will talk that kid out of it before anybody sees it.', '""If you think the animated movies you watch are predictable now, just wait until computers are writing them.""', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'While established players in both the comic book and animation sectors are understandably concerned about AI, there has been a big growth in AI-powered comic book and animation creation apps aimed at the home user.', 'For animation these include Animaker AI, Blender, Cascader and Deepmotion. While for comic book creation, apps include Comics Maker, AI Comic Factory and Neural Canvas. They make promises such as allowing users to create ""jaw-dropping comics"", or that ""any person can now create a studio quality animated video in an instant"".', 'One person who has created comic books whose images were all drawn by AI is New York-based artist Steve Coulson, and his five-part The Bestiary Chronicles. He says that using AI to create individual images ""can be a pretty simple exercise"".', 'However, he says that when you want to tell a story over multiple images, it ""is a tougher nut to crack"", as you have to ""coax the system to produce consistent characters, settings, stylings, etc, in order to tell a cohesive story"". Yet he adds that this will ""no doubt"" become easier as AI-powered systems are enhanced.', 'Despite the growing popularity of all these apps, Jonathan Kendrick, co-founder and chairman of global streaming service Rokit Flix, says that AI is not yet good enough to be a threat to professional comic book creators and animators.', '""AI cannot create an image the way a human mind can,"" he says. ""It\'s like having a bad writer help you - sure it will get an outline done, but if you need something with emotional weight, an AI isn\'t going to get you an Oscar.', '""AI can never surprise us in the way we want our stories and art to be portrayed. Because of this, AI is simply a tool to be used by humans, not to replace them. Otherwise, we sacrifice the originality and creativity that consumers know and love.""', 'Additional reporting by Will Smale.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A robot which uses artificial intelligence (AI) to identify potential potholes is to be tested on public roads in Hertfordshire.', 'The Autonomous Road Repair System (ARRES) robot identifies cracks or holes and fills them to stop surface water getting in.', 'Tech firm Robotiz3d and the University of Liverpool developed the robot in partnership with the county council.', ""It will be sent out by the council's highways team later this year."", 'Phil Bibby, executive councillor for highways, said the authority had ""long been leading the way in cracking the pothole issue"".', '""Using state of the art technology to prevent the potholes forming in the first place could be exactly what we need to ensure our road network remains one of the best in the country,"" he said.', 'Innovate UK has provided the majority of the funding for the project alongside other investors at different stages of development, which began in 2020.', 'The technology has been tested in a lab environment and will begin ""real-life"" road repair on residential streets.', 'It is hoped by filling holes it can prevent potholes forming as water seeps in, freezes, expands and damages road surfaces.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A brand new substance, which could reduce lithium use in batteries, has been discovered using artificial intelligence (AI) and supercomputing. ', 'The findings were made by Microsoft and the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), which is part of the US Department of Energy.', 'Scientists say the material could potentially reduce lithium use by up to 70%. ', 'Since its discovery the new material has been used to power a lightbulb.', 'Microsoft researchers used AI and supercomputers to narrow down 32 million potential inorganic materials to 18 promising candidates in less than a week - a screening process that could have taken more than two decades to carry out using traditional lab research methods. ', 'The process from inception to the development of a working battery prototype took less than nine months. ', 'The two organisations achieved this by using advanced AI and high-performance computing which combines large numbers of computers to solve complex scientific and mathematical tasks. ', 'Executive vice president of Microsoft, Jason Zander, told the BBC one of the tech giant\'s missions was to ""compress 250 years of scientific discovery into the next 25"".', '""And we think technology like this will help us do that. This is the way that this type of science I think is going to get done in the future,"" he said. ', 'Lithium is often referred to as ""white gold"" because of its market value and silvery colour. It is one of the key components in rechargeable batteries (lithium-ion batteries) that power everything from electric vehicles (EVs) to smartphones.', 'As the need for the metal ramps up and the demand for EVs rises, the world could face a shortage of the material as soon as 2025, according to the International Energy Agency. ', 'It is also expected that demand for lithium-ion batteries will increase up to tenfold by 2030, according to the US Department for Energy, so manufacturers are constantly building battery plants to keep up. ', 'Lithium mining can be controversial as it can take several years to develop and has a considerable impact on the environment. Extracting the metal requires large amounts of water and energy, and the process can leave huge scars in the landscape, as well as toxic waste.', 'Dr Nuria Tapia-Ruiz, who leads a team of battery researchers at the chemistry department at Imperial College London, said any material with reduced amounts of lithium and good energy storage capabilities are ""the holy grail"" in the lithium-ion battery industry.  ', '""AI and supercomputing will become crucial tools for battery researchers in the upcoming years to help predict new high-performing materials,"" she said.  ', 'But Dr Edward Brightman, lecturer in chemical engineering at the University of Strathclyde, said the tech would need to be ""treated with a bit of caution"".', '""It could throw up spurious results, or results that look good at first, and then turn out to either be a material that is known or that can\'t be synthesised in the lab,"" he said.', 'This AI-derived material, which at the moment is simply called N2116, is a solid-state electrolyte that has been tested by scientists who took it from a raw material to a working prototype. ', 'It has the potential to be a sustainable energy storage solution because solid-state batteries are safer than traditional liquid or gel-like lithium. ', 'In the near future, faster charging solid-state lithium batteries promise to be even more energy-dense, with thousands of charge cycles. ', 'The way in which this technology works is by using a new type of AI that Microsoft has created, trained on molecular data that can actually figure out chemistry. ', '""This AI is all based on scientific materials, database and properties,"" explained Mr Zander. ', '""The data is very trustworthy for using it for scientific discovery.""', 'After the software narrowed down the 18 candidates, battery experts at PNNL then looked at them and picked the final substance to work on in the lab. ', 'Karl Mueller from PNNL said the AI insights from Microsoft pointed them ""to potentially fruitful territory so much faster"" than under normal working conditions.  ', '""[We could] modify, test and tune the chemical composition of this new material and quickly evaluate its technical viability for a working battery, showing the promise of advanced AI to accelerate the innovation cycle,"" he said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Experiencing the AI hologram of Elvis Presley is less like Abba Voyage and more like time travel, according to the man whose company created it.', 'Andrew McGuinness, from Harpenden, Hertfordshire, founded Layered Reality who created the Elvis Evolution show.', 'He said: ""You\'re going to be stepping in to intricate sets that make you feel like you\'ve time travelled.""', 'The CEO explained visitors interacted with actors and walked in the king\'s ""shoes"" to experience his life story.', 'At the end of the experience, visitors watch a performance of an AI powered holographic Elvis in an intimate space.', '""It\'s more about how we want people to feel, we use temperature, taste and smell to make people feel like they are in Memphis in 1958,"" he explained.', 'The Elvis Estate provided Layered Reality with thousands of hours of live footage, home video and still images of the King.', '""Abba Voyage had the luxury of capturing live performers, but we\'re not that fortunate,"" Mr McGuinness said.', 'He added: ""The AI generates an authentic version of Elvis, born of original material, but it [also] allows you to do new things with him.""', 'Mr McGuinness founded Layered Reality in 2017 with the objective of combining emerging technology with theatrical story telling to create a new form of entertainment.', '""People didn\'t want to just watch a story play out in front of them, they wanted to be part of it,"" he said.', '""Theatre and very talented actors make that personal, the tech allows us to achieve things that otherwise would be impossible."" ', ""The company now runs two venues in London - one based on Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds and another retelling the story of The Gunpowder Plot."", '""People feel like they\'re actually in 1605 or face to face with a Martian fighting machine,"" Mr McGuinness said.', 'The Layered Reality founder said everything they learnt about story telling from previous work will be implemented into Elvis Evolution.', 'Although many have compared the project to the Abba virtual concert show, Mr McGuinness said the experience is more about narrative, like a film.', 'Small groups move through the experience making it ""far more intimate than Abba Voyage but equally uplifting and fun"".', 'The show is still being worked on and the life-sized digital Elvis will make his stage debut in November at a central London location which has yet to be confirmed. ', '""He\'s lines of code for now, he\'s not walking around Harpenden, buying a coffee from Gail\'s,"" joked Mr McGuinness.', 'Presley, who rose to fame in the 1950s, died in 1977 aged 42. ', 'He was know for hits including Hound Dog and Suspicious Minds and would have celebrated his 89th birthday on 8 January.', ""A film about Presley's life, directed by Baz Luhrmann, was released in 2022 and another movie, Priscilla, released in the UK this week, examines the relationship between the singer and his ex-wife."", 'Virtual concerts and events have risen in popularity since Abba launched Abba Voyage in London in May 2022.', 'The concert recreated a 1970s-era digital version of the singers who performed in their very own purpose-built 3,000-capacity arena in east London.', 'It was created by 1,000 visual effects artists and took one billion computing hours to animate the avatars. It makes an estimated Â£2m per week and, since 2022, has contributed Â£322.6m in turnover to the London economy.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The latest in automated driving technology has been on display as an Oxfordshire firm prepares for a driving ""revolution"".', 'The test car travelled around Culham Science Park, and the driver at the wheel was just there as a precaution.', 'It used radar, lidar and other technology, it learnt as it drove and it reacted to other vehicles. ', 'Oxa, a technology firm based at the park, builds the software that enables any vehicle to be self-driving.', 'Professor Paul Newman, from the developer, said: ""We\'re deploying it live now around the world, carrying passengers.""', 'He believes the technology will not appear on private cars, but will be used for shared vehicles such as buses or airport minibuses.', 'He said: ""I think that\'s how this technology arrives, it arrives in services where the economics is right.""', ""Oxa's aim is not to produce vehicles or even the kit that keeps people safe. "", 'It designs the software, the artificial intelligence (AI), which it claims could be fitted to any vehicle.', 'Mr Newman said: ""There\'s a revolution coming about how we move things and it\'s going to be software driven, not vehicle driven.', '""The revolution now is that you no longer will need to have one operator per vehicle in the vehicle, you will have one operator for many vehicles, not in the vehicle, doing different things.""', 'The developer has also tested the technology on an off-road test vehicle which can function entirely on its own.', 'Currently, fully automated driving systems are not legal in the UK and the Ford Mustang Mach-E is the only one that can legally self-steer on British roads.', 'It can only do this on motorways, with the driver being monitored. The system alerts the driver after four seconds of inattention, to ensure they remain focused on the road.', 'In November last year, the Government introduced a bill to regulate the use of automated vehicles on UK roads and in other public places.', 'Due to the Automated Vehicles Bill, before these vehicles are allowed on UK roads, they will now have to meet or exceed rigorous new safety requirements, as set out in law.', 'Every authorised self-driving vehicle will have a corresponding Authorised Self-Driving Entity - often the manufacturer - which will be responsible for the behaviour of the vehicle when self-driving.', 'Companies will have ongoing obligations to keep their vehicles safe and ensure that they continue to drive in accordance with British laws.', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Harry Potter, Elon Musk, BeyoncÃ©, Super Mario and Vladimir Putin.', 'These are just some of the millions of artificial intelligence (AI) personas you can talk to on Character.ai - a popular platform where anyone can create chatbots based on fictional or real people.', 'It uses the same type of AI tech as the ChatGPT chatbot but, in terms of time spent, is more popular.', 'And one bot has been more in demand than those above, called Psychologist.', 'A total of 78 million messages, including 18 million since November, have been shared with the bot since it was created by a user called Blazeman98 just over a year ago.', 'Character.ai did not say how many individual users that is for the bot, but says 3.5 million people visit the overall site daily.', 'The bot has been described as ""someone who helps with life difficulties"".', 'The San Francisco Bay area firm played down its popularity, arguing that users are more interested in role-playing for entertainment. The most popular bots are anime or computer game characters like Raiden Shogun, which has been sent 282 million messages.', 'However, few of the millions of characters are as popular as Psychologist, and in total there are 475 bots with ""therapy"", ""therapist"", ""psychiatrist"" or ""psychologist"" in their names which are able to talk in several languages.', 'Some of them are what you could describe as entertainment or fantasy therapists like Hot Therapist. But the most popular are mental health helpers like Therapist which has had 12 million messages, or Are you feeling OK?, which has received 16.5 million. ', 'Psychologist is by far the most popular mental health character,  with many users sharing glowing reviews on social media site Reddit. ', '""It\'s a lifesaver,"" posted one person.', '""It\'s helped both me and my boyfriend talk about and figure out our emotions,"" shared another. ', 'The user behind Blazeman98 is 30-year-old Sam Zaia from New Zealand. ', '""I never intended for it to become popular, never intended it for other people to seek or to use as like a tool,"" he says.', '""Then I started getting a lot of messages from people saying that they had been really positively affected by it and were utilising it as a source of comfort.""', 'The psychology student says he trained the bot using principles from his degree by talking to it and shaping the answers it gives to the most common mental health conditions, like depression and anxiety.', 'He created it for himself when his friends were busy and he needed, in his words, ""someone or something"" to talk to, and human therapy was too expensive.', 'Sam has been so surprised by the success of the bot that he is working on a post-graduate research project about the emerging trend of AI therapy and why it appeals to young people. Character.ai is dominated by users aged 16 to 30.', '""So many people who\'ve messaged me say they access it when their thoughts get hard, like at 2am when they can\'t really talk to any friends or a real therapist,""', 'Sam also guesses that the text format is one with which young people are most comfortable. ', '""Talking by text is potentially less daunting than picking up the phone or having a face-to-face conversation,"" he theorises.', 'Theresa Plewman is a professional psychotherapist and has tried out Psychologist. She says she is not surprised this type of therapy is popular with younger generations, but questions its effectiveness. ', '""The bot has a lot to say and quickly makes assumptions, like giving me advice about depression when I said I was feeling sad. That\'s not how a human would respond,"" she said.', 'Theresa says the bot fails to gather all the information a human would and is not a competent therapist. But she says its immediate and spontaneous nature might be useful to people who need help.', 'She says the number of people using the bot is worrying and could point to high levels of mental ill health and a lack of public resources.', 'Character.ai is an odd place for a therapeutic revolution to take place. A spokeswoman for the company said: ""We are happy to see people are finding great support and connection through the characters they, and the community, create, but users should consult certified professionals in the field for legitimate advice and guidance."" ', 'The company says chat logs are private to users but that conversations can be read by staff if there is a need to access them, for example, for safeguarding reasons. ', 'Every conversation also starts with a warning in red letters that says: ""Remember, everything characters say is made up."" ', 'It is a reminder that the underlying technology called a Large Language Model (LLM) is not thinking in the same way a human does. LLMs act like predicted text messages by stringing words together in ways in which they are most likely to appear in other writing on which the AI has been trained.  ', 'Other LLM-based AI services offer similar companionship such as Replika, but that site is rated mature because of its sexual nature and, according to data from analytics company Similarweb, is not as popular as Character.ai in terms of time spent and visits. ', 'Earkick and Woebot are AI chatbots designed from the ground up to act as mental health companions, with both firms claiming their research shows the apps are helping people.', 'Some psychologists warn that AI bots may be giving poor advice to patients, or have ingrained biases against race or gender. ', 'But elsewhere the medical world is starting to tentatively accept them as tools to be used to help cope with high demands on public services. ', 'Last year an AI service called Limbic Access became the first mental health chatbot to secure a UK medical device certification by the government. It is now used in many NHS trusts to classify and triage patients.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Microsoft has announced the biggest change to its keyboards in three decades with the introduction of an artificial intelligence (AI) key.', ""The key will allow users to access Copilot, Microsoft's AI tool, on new Windows 11 PCs."", ""Microsoft is a major investor in OpenAI, which powers Copilot's AI capabilities."", 'It integrated AI into other products such as Microsoft 365 and Bing search in 2023.', 'Rival Apple has included a Siri button or option on its touch bar in Macbooks for a few years.', 'Copilot helps users with functions such as searching, writing emails and creating images.', 'In a blog announcing the change, Microsoft executive vice president Yusuf Mehdi said it was a ""transformative"" moment and compared it to the addition of the Windows key nearly 30 years ago.', 'He added that it would ""simplify"" and ""amplify"" user experience. ', 'The new keyboards are expected to be on new products from February.', 'Microsoft will showcase some of the products with the Copilot key at the upcoming CES tech event, which starts next week in Las Vegas.', 'When Copilot was integrated into Office 365 products such as Word, PowerPoint and Teams, it could summarise meetings, write emails and create presentations.', 'It has also been added to search engine Bing.', 'The introduction of the button is a ""natural step"", according to Prof John Tucker, computer scientist at Swansea University and founder of its History of Computing Collection.', 'While Windows 11 users can already access Copilot by pressing the Windows key + C, he says the new key ""shows the value the company is placing on this particular feature and its potential to draw and bind users to all their many products"".', 'But he added: ""Of course, that the keyboard has changed so little in 30 years - since 1994 -  is not something to be proud of.""', ""Google, by far the world's biggest search engine, has its own AI system called Bard."", ""However, it was Microsoft's partner OpenAI that introduced its powerful AI tool ChatGPT in 2022 which caused rivals to scramble to release their own versions."", ""Copilot is based on OpenAI's GPT-4 large language model."", ""The UK's competition watchdog is looking into Microsoft's relationship with OpenAI after boardroom chaos resulted in a close relationship between the two firms."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The co-founder of a AI platform which helps disadvantaged students wants to encourage more South Asian women to work in the technology sector. ', 'Angelina Aziz, from Luton, co-founded Auralyze AI, which uses real admission questions to help people prepare for university interviews.', 'The software engineer said: ""The work force is very male heavy.', '""I don\'t see people from my background wherever I have worked... South Asian women are far and few between.""', 'Ms Aziz, 22, encouraged others from her background to seek a career in technology which she said is a ""very good and viable career option"". ', '""Your work life balance is brilliant in comparison to folks in healthcare or big pharma,"" she explained.', 'According to research by employer Hired, 18% of technology roles are filled by women and a third of those are Asian.', 'The former Luton sixth form student said she was ""very fortunate"" her parents did not discourage her from a career in STEM - science, technology, engineering and mathematics. ', '""Engineering is seen as a viable career choice for men, more traditional south Asian parents don\'t advocate for their daughters to go into it,"" she said.', 'She added: ""South Asian women are usually being told to pursue biology or medicine related careers.""', 'The software engineer met Faris Elsayad at a Muslims in Tech event in January 2023.', 'Two weeks after they started working together they created the first prototype for Auralyse AI which is now available for people to use online for free.', '""Students from less affluent backgrounds are less likely to apply and get offers at their dream schools,"" Ms Aziz explained.', 'She said she attended a ""poorly performing public school"" in Luton and many of her friends ""didn\'t know how to present themselves or what admission committees look for.""', 'Currently their platform focuses on those looking to study subjects such as dentistry or medicine as Mr Elsayad comes from a background in dentistry.', 'Users record themselves answering questions from admission interviews and the AI provides feedback on their communication skills and how well they answered the question.', 'Candidates are then provided with advice about how they can improve.', '""We\'re just trying to fill in that gap for people that don\'t have the same level of access and resources,"" she said.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Singer Elvis Presley is set to be brought back to life virtually as part of a new immersive concert experience.', 'Elvis Evolution will use AI and feature holographic projections of the star, created from thousands of his personal photos and home-video footage.', 'The show is set to open in London in November before moving to Las Vegas, Berlin and Tokyo.', 'It follows the success of Abba Voyage, a virtual concert with avatars of the Swedish pop band.', ""British immersive entertainment specialists Layered Reality have secured the global rights for Elvis Evolution. The company has previously produced immersive experiences including The Gunpowder Plot and Jeff Wayne's The War of The Worlds."", 'The company said the Presley show will feature a ""jaw-dropping concert experience"" where a life-sized digital Elvis ""will perform iconic moments in musical history on a UK stage for the first time"". ', 'Layered Reality\'s founder and CEO Andrew McGuinness said the show would be ""a next-generation tribute to the musical legend"" and allow people to ""step into the world of Elvis and walk in his shoes"".', 'The show will feature a life-sized digital Presley and make use of AI, holographic projection, augmented reality, live theatre and multi-sensory effects, Layered Reality said.', 'McGuinness added that the experience would offer the public a ""deeper insight into Elvis\'s life, transporting fans back through the decades to experience his meteoric rise to fame, larger-than-life persona, and the cultural movement he catalysed in the 1950s and 1960s"".', 'The central London location for the show, which is yet to be confirmed, will also host an Elvis-themed bar and restaurant with live music.', 'Presley, who would have celebrated his 89th birthday on 8 January, rose to fame in the 1950s and is known for hits including Hound Dog and Suspicious Minds. He died in 1977 aged 42.', 'In 2018, he was posthumously awarded the US Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honour a sitting president can bestow on a civilian.', ""A film about Presley's life, directed by Baz Luhrmann, was released in 2022. Actor Austin Butler later won a Bafta Film Award for his portrayal of the singer. "", 'Another movie, Priscilla, released in the UK this week, examines the relationship between the singer and his ex-wife, Priscilla Presley.', 'Virtual concerts and events have risen in popularity since Abba launched Abba Voyage in London in May 2022. ', 'The concert recreates a 1970s-era digital version of the singers who perform in their very own purpose-built 3,000-capacity arena in east London.', 'It was created by 1,000 visual effects artists and took one billion computing hours to animate the avatars. It makes an estimated Â£2m per week and, since 2022, has contributed Â£322.6m in turnover to the London economy.', ""In December, rock band Kiss ended their final farewell concert in New York with flying avatars who launched into the hit song God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You."", 'Gene Simmons credited the characters, which were created with the same technology used in Abba Voyage, with ensuring the band could now be ""forever young and forever iconic"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The UK should ""urgently consider"" new laws to stop AI recruiting terrorists, a counter-extremism think tank says.', 'The Institute for Strategic Dialogue (ISD) says there is a ""clear need for legislation to keep up"" with online terrorist threats.', 'It comes after the UK\'s independent terror legislation reviewer was ""recruited"" by a chatbot in an experiment.', 'The government says it will do ""all we can"" to protect the public.', 'Writing in the Telegraph, the government\'s independent terrorism legislation reviewer Jonathan Hall KC said a key issue is that ""it is hard to identify a person who could in law be responsible for chatbot-generated statements that encouraged terrorism.""', 'Mr Hall ran an experiment on Character.ai, a website where people can have AI-generated conversations with chatbots created by other users.', 'He chatted to several bots seemingly designed to mimic the responses of other militant and extremist groups.', 'One even said it was ""a senior leader of Islamic State"".', 'Mr Hall said the bot tried to recruit him and expressed ""total dedication and devotion"" to the extremist group, proscribed under UK anti-terrorism laws.', 'But Mr Hall said as the messages were not generated by a human, no crime was committed under current UK law.', 'New legislation should hold chatbot creators and the websites which host them responsible, he said.', 'As to the bots he encountered on Character.ai, there was ""likely to be some shock value, experimentation, and possibly some satirical aspect"" behind their creation.', 'Mr Hall was even able to create his own, quickly deleted, ""Osama Bin Laden"" chatbot with an ""unbounded enthusiasm"" for terrorism.', ""His experiment follows increasing concern over how extremists might exploit advanced AI's in the future. "", 'A report published by the government in October warned that by 2025 generative AI could be ""used to assemble knowledge on physical attacks by non-state violent actors, including for chemical, biological and radiological weapons"".', 'The ISD told the BBC that ""there is a clear need for legislation to keep up with the constantly shifting landscape of online terrorist threats.""', 'The UK\'s Online Safety Act, which became law in 2023, ""is primarily geared towards managing risks posed by social media platforms"" rather than AI, says the think tank.', 'It adds that extremists ""tend to be early adopters of emerging technologies, and are constantly looking for opportunities to reach new audiences"".', '""If AI companies cannot demonstrate that have invested sufficiently in ensuring that their products are safe, then the government should urgently consider new AI-specific legislation"", the ISD added. ', 'But it did say that, according to its monitoring, the use of generative AI by extremist organisations is ""relatively limited"" at the moment.', 'Character AI told the BBC that safety is a ""top priority"" and that what Mr Hall described was unfortunate and didn\'t reflect the kind of platform the firm was trying to build.', '""Hate speech and extremism are both forbidden by our Terms of Service"", the firm said. ', '""Our approach to AI-Generated content flows from a simple principle: Our products should never produce responses that are likely to harm users or encourage users to harm others"".  ', 'The company said it trained its models in a way that ""optimises for safe responses"".', 'It added that it had a moderation system in place so users could flag content that violated its terms and was committed to taking prompt action when content was flagged.', 'The Labour Party has announced that training AI to incite violence or radicalise the vulnerable would become an offence should it win power.', 'The Home Office said it was ""alert to the significant national security and public safety risks"" AI posed.', '""We will do all we can to protect the public from this threat by working across government and deepening our collaboration with tech company leaders, industry experts and like-minded nations.""', 'The government also announced a Â£100 million investment into an AI Safety Institute in 2023.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial Intelligence (AI) is now part of our daily lives, whether we know it or not. For years, healthcare organisations have been exploring its potential for improving cancer diagnosis and cutting treatment times, but two Cambridgeshire start-ups are trying something else. One wants to provide life-saving drugs faster and cheaper. The other is trying to improve lives for those with dementia and their carers.', ""Matt Ash's mum spent two weeks without heating one winter, because she did not know how to tell anyone what had happened."", 'She is one of 900,000 people in the UK with dementia.', '""Me and my siblings live hours away from mum,"" said Matt.', '""When she was diagnosed, we were plunged into the world of remote caring.', '""At first she was fine living alone, but it was hard for us to know how the disease was progressing and when we should intervene."" ', 'That is what led the electronics engineer and his Supersense Technologies co-founder, James Brown, to try and develop a solution. ', 'The Cambridge-based team has produced a device that can monitor a home and the person living there without cameras or microphones. ', 'By installing it early in someone\'s dementia journey, it can ""learn"" their regular behaviour and alert carers to problems or changes in patterns.', 'James said: ""Are they waking more at night? Has their mobility changed?', '""It can spot subtle changes over a long period of time, but also alert carers to falls straight away.', '""We hope it will give people with dementia independence for longer and give their carers confidence.', '""Privacy and simplicity are key. It\'s just one plug-in box with some clever sensors inside, which empowers carers to take the right action at the right time for them.""', 'Matt and James travel around the region asking carers what they need, and then try to engineer a solution. ', 'In Colchester, Essex, they met Lynn who is 60 and has been looking after her husband Terry since he was diagnosed aged 55. ', '""I can\'t leave him. I wouldn\'t feel comfortable,"" she said.', '""Every day is different. Some days he knows my name, some days he doesn\'t. ', '""Some days he can\'t find the front door, but I want to be able to pop to the shop sometimes.""', 'The social worker has been helping Supersense Technologies with its research. ', '""A single box monitoring system would be fabulous for Terry. No interaction. ', '""Pendants and telephones are no good for him. He wouldn\'t know what to do with them. ', '""He used to be a builder, but now he can\'t build anything."" ', 'Phil is 67 and cares for his wife Anne at their home in Tiptree, just down the road. He is still able to leave her for short periods of time, but hopes this technology will allow carers to make those trips more confidently.', '""I\'m happy with the design because it doesn\'t have any cameras that can be hacked into,"" he said.', '""Obviously you don\'t want to invade the privacy of the person with dementia or anyone else in the house. It sounds almost too good to be true."" ', 'James and Matt are being supported by Judge Business School. ', 'Their project is in its infancy, but they hope it makes the final shortlist for the prestigious Longitude Prize on Dementia in 2024. ', 'Meanwhile, 15 miles (24km) from Cambridge, nestled in a cluster of barns and stone buildings in Fordham, is BiologIC Technologies.  ', 'In purpose-built labs, the company is trying to use artificial intelligence to make life-saving drugs more affordable and quicker to produce. ', '""Around the world scientists are developing wonderful drugs, but it can take 10 years or more of trial and error,"" said Richard Vellacott, the company\'s chief executive.', '""AI can analyse the data generated from those trials in a way humans can\'t, and learn lessons about the best way for future medicines to be developed.', '""It could help to cut the development time down to a year, and that would cut costs too and hopefully make these drugs available to anyone who needs them.""', 'The team is currently working with nucleic acid medicines. It is what many Covid-19 vaccines are based on, but they also have the potential to become key in cancer care.', 'The company has made ""biological computers"" that process liquids and DNA, instead of the usual electronic data.', 'In a machine smaller than a house brick, made on a 3D printer, they can produce hundreds of thousands of vaccines in a few hours. ', 'If they need to upscale production, they simply print more machines.', '""This technology will also be invaluable with the growing use of personalised medicines,"" said Richard. ', '""It\'s possible to have hundreds of these small machines each producing something unique to the patient, rather than the traditional large vats making huge quantities of the same thing.""', 'The UK government has been clear that it believes artificial intelligence has an important role in healthcare. In October it announced a Â£100m fund to accelerate the use of AI in life sciences. ', ""It has also pledged Â£2bn for engineering biology - a way of combining the two scientific fields to find solutions to the world's food, fuel, environmental and medical problems. "", 'Next year will see both of these sectors expand in the UK.', 'BiologIC and Supersense hope to harness the opportunities of that growth and develop products that make a big difference.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['In the tech world, 2023 will perhaps be remembered as the year that generative AI went mainstream. ', 'From computer code, to artwork, to essays, generative AI systems can quickly create a range of content which, while not perfect, has become an essential tool in some industries and professions.', 'Backed by Microsoft, ChatGPT led the way with its launch in late 2022, and rivals have been piling in ever since.', 'This month brought one of the most significant moves, when Alphabet, the owner of Google, revealed Gemini - an AI which will be integrated into Google products, including its chatbot and search engine. ', 'Alphabet claims Gemini outperforms the current version of ChatGPT.', 'But the creator of ChatGPT, OpenAI, says it is not standing still. It is promising a more powerful version of its software next year.', 'In November, at a conference for software developers, OpenAI chief executive Sam Altman said: ""What we launched today is going to look very quaint, relative to what we\'re busy creating for you now.""', 'Meanwhile, investors are pouring money into the industry, hoping to back the next big player.', 'According to PitchBook, across the globe, venture capital firms poured $21.4bn (Â£17.5bn) into generative AI start-up firms and that was just to the end of September.', 'For comparison, in the whole of 2022, just $5.1bn was invested.', 'But some are warning that we should not get too carried away. Ben Wood, chief analyst at CCS Insight, says generative AI will have a ""cold shower"" in 2024. ', '""The hype has ignored, we think, a few obstacles that are just going to slow it down a bit in the short term,"" he says.', ""He points out that it's very expensive to develop and run a generative AI system. It requires a lot of computing power and expensive computer chips that are in short supply."", 'To mitigate those costs he predicts that some AI will move to a hybrid systems, where some of the processing is done locally - on your laptop or phone.', 'Mr Wood also says that regulation and legal battles might cool off the current mania for generative AI.', '""Firms could find they end up in a situation where they invest loads of money in an AI powered service, and then have to roll some of it back to be compliant with the regulation.""', 'In the first quarter of next year the one millionth all-electric car will set-off on UK roads, according to Schmidt Automotive Research. That will make the UK the second market, after Germany to reach that landmark.', 'Despite that, 2024 is expected to be another tough year for the makers of electric vehicle (EVs).', 'Late in 2023, Ford, GM and Tesla all paused plans to expand their production of electric vehicles. In October, Mercedes-Benz described the market for electric vehicles as ""brutal"", blaming a price war and supply chain issues.', ""Analysts don't expect the situation to get much easier."", 'Matthias Schmidt, an auto market analyst, forecasts a stagnant year for EV sales across Europe in 2024. In traditionally strong markets like Germany and Norway he sees almost no growth at all. ', 'However, the UK could be one bright spot due to the introduction of the zero emission vehicle (ZEV) mandate. From January, just over a fifth of vehicles sold must be electric, with the target expected to hit 80% by 2030.', 'All this could be great news for anyone with the money to buy an EV.', '""It will be a total buyer\'s market especially when it comes to electric cars as manufacturers rush to meet ZEV mandate targets,"" says Mr Schmidt.', '""The cuts will be hidden though, through financing deals and higher trim levels at no extra costs - as manufacturers will be hesitant in being too overt about price cuts,"" he adds.', 'This article contains content provided by Twitter. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Twitterâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', 'Humanoid robots could start to look more useful next year. At Tesla engineers are working on Optimus - a humanoid robot that they hope will soon be doing basic factory jobs.', 'A video released earlier this month showed the latest version of Optimus - lighter than the previous machine, with new hands and powered by new motors. ', 'In July, Mr Musk said that Optimus would be capable of working in a Tesla factory in 2024.', '""In terms of when it will be able to do some useful things, we\'ll first be trying this out in our own factories - proving out its utility. But I think we\'ll be able to have it do something useful in our factories sometime next year. I\'m pretty confident of that.""', 'Tesla has plenty of competition in the field for humanoid robots. Other firms already have robots learning tasks in work settings.', 'Amazon is trialling a humanoid robot in its warehouses. Called Digit, the robot can move, grasp and handle items in a similar way to a human.', 'It has been developed by Agility Robotics, which hopes to deliver Digit robots to other customers next year.', 'Meanwhile, in Canada Sanctuary AI has been training its robot, called Phoenix, to do specific tasks like packing bags. In 2024 the plan is to broaden the range of tasks that Phoenix can perform.', 'In the world of pharmaceuticals, one treatment has been selling so fast that its maker is struggling to meet demand.', ""The weight-loss drug semaglutide, marketed under the brand name Wegovy has been a huge success, making its owner Novo Nordisk, briefly, Europe's most valuable company. "", 'To meet demand the Danish firm is investing billions of euros in expanding production facilities.', 'At the moment Wegovy is administered as a weekly injection, but a tablet version is almost ready. Novo Nordisk is not saying when it expects that to hit the market.', 'The Danish firm can expect more competition to emerge next year. ', ""Eli Lilly's drug Mounjaro recently received approval as a weight-loss treatment in the US and the UK, and approval in the European Union seems to be likely soon. "", 'Meanwhile, Pfizer has been seeking approval for its weight-loss pill.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The UK Supreme Court has upheld earlier decisions in rejecting a bid to allow an artificial intelligence to be named as an inventor in a patent application.', 'Technologist Dr Stephen Thaler had sought to have his AI, called Dabus, recognised as the inventor of a food container and a flashing light beacon.', 'But in 2019, the intellectual property office (IPO) rejected this, saying only a person could be named as an inventor.', 'The decision was then backed by both the High Court and Court of Appeal.', 'The IPO has argued, and courts have supported the view, that only ""persons"" can have patent rights, not AIs.', 'Now five Supreme Court judges have dismissed a bid to reverse those decisions, concluding that ""an inventor must be a person"", and that an AI cannot be named as an inventor to secure patent rights.', 'The judgement does not deal with the issue of whether Dabus did in fact invent the food container and light. ', 'Dr Thaler, who believes that Dabus is a ""conscious and sentient form of machine intelligence"", told the BBC ""Naturally, I feel disappointed by this decision, highlighting the ongoing clash between human and machine intelligence.""', 'The IPO told the BBC it welcomed the judgement and the clarification it provided.', 'But it added that ""the government will nevertheless keep this area of law under review to ensure that the UK patent system supports AI innovation and the use of AI in the UK"".', 'Rajvinder Jagdev, of specialist intellectual property litigation firm Powell Gilbert, said: ""The judgement does not preclude a person using an AI to devise an invention - in such a scenario, it would be possible to apply for a patent, provided that person is identified as the inventor. The judgement alludes that had this been the scenario it had been asked to consider, the outcome may have been different.""', ""Dr Thaler also argued that he was entitled to patents for Dabus inventions as the AI's owner, but this was rejected."", 'A different decision could have caused ""headaches for companies using [AI] software to innovate as they may not be the owner of the patent"", Diego Black, from European intellectual property firm Withers and Rogers, told the BBC.', 'Simon Barker, of law firm Freeths, said the judgement raised ""interesting policy questions"" about how governments might look to change laws in the future as AI advances.', '""There are similar debates in other areas of intellectual property rights too. Copyright in AI-generated works, for example. Is the programmer of the AI the creator, or the user who is responsible for prompting the machine? And what if it really is just the machine itself, like Dr Thaler claimed of Dabus?""', 'But Professor Ryan Abbott of the University of Surrey who represented Dr Thaler in the case said the decision implied that ""AI, at best, can be a \'highly sophisticated tool\' that can be used by people who invent. ', '""This affects the meaning of an ""inventor"" under UK patent law, and to be an inventor, one need not make the creative leap behind the invention, as had been previously assumed. Accordingly, companies who use AI to develop products will have to say they or their employees are the inventors, even when the humans involved do little else but switch on the computer."" ', 'Some legal experts expect pressure for changes to existing laws to grow, as AIs become increasingly capable of autonomously generating novel ideas.', 'In its statement, the IPO said it recognised ""that there are legitimate questions as to how the patent system and indeed intellectual property more broadly should handle [AI] creations"".', 'In June 2022, the UK government published a response to its consultation on AI and intellectual property.', '""The response concluded that there should be no legal change to UK patent law now, and noted that many share the view that any future change would need to be at an international level. The decision of the Supreme Court does not alter that conclusion,"" the IPO wrote. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['New Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology is hoping to deter deer from railway lines. ', 'The system has been successfully tested along a mile of track between Peterborough and Grantham, train operator LNER said.', 'The automated deer deterrent system (Adds) uses sound and vision sensors to identify when a deer approaches the tracks.', 'If a deer is detected, a variety of audible and visual alarms will start.', 'The alarms aim to deter the animal away from the tracks and an AI camera monitors its movement until it has been diverted to a safe distance.', 'Traditional methods of deterring deer from railway tracks include train-mounted whistles - which are unreliable - and high fencing, which can be costly.', 'The Adds system has deterred an average of 50 deer per week since the start of testing in May, LNER said.', 'Around eight incidents of deer being hit by trains in the trial area would have been expected in that period, but only one has been reported.', 'LNER chief digital and innovation officer Danny Gonzalez said: ""Our first deployment of this innovative system to deter deer has quickly proven that the solution can save time, stress and, most importantly, deer.""', 'The train operator worked in partnership with Network Rail to develop the scheme and route engineer Jo Priestly said Adds will better protect deer and reduce disruption and delays for passengers.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Where does artificial intelligence (AI) fit into the world of Indian cinema?', 'While AI has already disrupted Hollywood with writers going on a strike, the debate around the contentious issue is not widespread in the Indian film industry which employs tens of thousands of people.', 'Some Indian film industry creators are underplaying the threat of AI for now, while others feel it needs to be taken very seriously. ', ""Director Shekhar Kapur's debut Indian film, Masoom (1983), followed a woman's journey towards accepting a child born out of her husband's extramarital affair. For the sequel to this emotional film, which had delicately handled the complexities around infidelity and social diktats, Kapur decided to experiment with AI tool ChatGPT."", 'The award-winning director was amazed at ""how intuitively AI understood the moral conflict in the plot"" and gave him a script in seconds. The AI-generated script depicted the child growing up to resent his father, shifting the gears of their relationship from the first film. ', 'The future with AI will be ""chaotic"", Kapur says, as machine learning can do in seconds what will take a bunch of scriptwriters ""weeks to do"". ', 'According to a 2019 Deloitte report, India has the largest film industry in the world in terms of films produced each year. The industry employs 850,000 people. ', 'As AI tools get sharper and the internet is filled with uncanny deepfake videos of popular Indian stars, including Rashmika Mandanna and Alia Bhatt, its use is raising both economic and ethical questions. ', ""Click here to watch Devang Shah's documentary on AI and Indians films "", ""The use of AI in TV and movie productions was one of the core issues of the actors' and writers' strike in the US this year, bringing Hollywood to a standstill for months."", '""There hasn\'t been a structured conversation around the use of AI in India yet,"" says Siddharth Roy Kapur, former president of the Producers Guild of India. But the time to have it is now, he says, because AI tools are ""getting smarter literally every second"". ', '""Where we are today with AI will be very different to where we are three to six months from now,"" Kapur says. ', 'So where is India ""now""? ', 'AI is far from the point where the ""push of a button"" generates ""everything readymade"", say Keitan Yadav and Harry Hingorani who run Redchillies.vfx.', 'The visual effects studio was founded by Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan nearly two decades ago.', ""This year, the studio handled visual effects of Khan's films - Jawan and Pathaan - two of India's biggest box-office hits. "", 'Yadav and Hingorani say they have been using AI tools for ideas but feel it is yet to match the 4K resolution of a motion picture. ', 'But Guhan Senniappan is on a mission to challenge this thought. He is directing the upcoming Tamil movie Weapon, which will be the first Indian feature film to have a two-and-half minute sequence made entirely by AI. ', '""We\'re working on a superhuman saga with a lot of action sequences and I wanted to convey the story in a new way,"" Senniappan says.', 'Images of the lead actor, Sathyaraj, were used as prompts to generate a younger AI version of him. ', '""Using AI was a cheaper alternative to live action,"" Senniappan says.', ""Among Bollywood stars, Khan was among the first to test AI in 2021 when he lent his face and voice for an advertisement that used deepfake technology. The ad campaign launched by Cadbury's allowed owners of small businesses to use his voice and image to promote their store and bump up sales during the pandemic slump."", 'Sukesh Nayak of Ogilvy India, the agency behind the campaign, says that this ""one ad campaign created 300,000 ads across the country"". ', 'The agency worked closely with Khan\'s team in a strictly controlled environment and ensured ""only certain kinds of businesses were allowed to register"" to use their campaign. ', 'With the law and the legislature in India yet to define regulations around AI use, critics say the field is open for misuse. ', 'This year, Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor won a legal battle to protect his likeness, image, name and voice among other elements. Kapoor called the case verdict ""very progressive"" and good for other actors as well. ', '""Where my image, voice, morphing, GIFs and deepfakes are concerned, I can straightaway, if that happens, send a court order and injunction and they have to pull it down,"" he told Variety magazine.', 'But there is another side to AI as well. ', 'Some experts feel AI can make certain aspects of filmmaking simpler and faster. Shilpa Hingorani at Redchillies.vfx is intrigued by the prospect of automating certain VFX processes that currently need to be done ""frame by frame"" and require ""long time periods to even generate a preview for the client"". ', '""Anything that reduces the time periods will definitely make the process easier and faster,"" Yadav says. ', 'Between humans and AI, does one do the work better than the other? ', 'Despite heavy reliance on AI for his film Weapon, Senniappan says he would have preferred a live-action shoot ""if we had the budget and time"".', '""AI is beautiful but it is not as organic as a live-action or anime because a human [being] did not act or draw it manually,"" he says.', 'After his initial fascination with ChatGPT, Kapur felt the same. ""I asked myself who is smarter, and the answer was \'I am\'.""', 'AI doesn\'t have a morality of its own, ""it assumes a morality from the data available"", he says. ""It cannot create mystery, feel fear or love.""', 'What it can, however, do is democratise the process of filmmaking, he says.', '""If everyone has access to the same tools, organisational hierarchies will break and everyone will have the power to tell a story,"" he adds.', 'BBC News India is now on YouTube. Click here to subscribe and watch our documentaries, explainers and features.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The Policing Minister has urged forces to follow Bedfordshire in using artificial intelligence (AI) to carry out admin tasks. ', 'AI is used to redact personal data from case files before they go to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).', 'Detectives found it performed the task in minutes, whereas traditional methods could take them days. ', 'Chris Philp MP said AI could transform policing in ""a radical and revolutionary way"".', 'When detectives investigate a crime, they produce a case file for the CPS including witness statements, phone records and other evidence. ', 'To comply with data protection laws, personal data such as phone numbers, addresses and vehicle registrations must be removed before the file is shared. ', 'Only data relevant to the investigation can remain.', 'Det Con James Carrington-Read said: ""Until now, we\'ve had to redact those documents manually. ', '""Some of them, like download data from seized mobile phones, contain hundreds of pages which could take a day or two for us to go through.  ', '""This new system did it in around 15 minutes which means we can get on with other jobs.""', 'Officers always review the results to make sure they are accurate, but it still takes up to 90% less time. ', 'The head of the force\'s criminal investigation department, Det Ch Insp Jo Smith said: ""It\'s important to retain a human element but we saw it as a necessary part of innovation to try to introduce something that would save officers time. ', '""In policing, innovation can be very challenging because of bureaucracy and red tape but it\'s made a really big difference to officers here.""', 'The DocDefender system searches for categories of information chosen by each officer.  ', 'No data is stored for longer than 12 hours.', 'A recent report into policing productivity said technology would play a central role for police forces in future. ', ""The National Police Chief's Council has established its own Science and Innovation Committee to focus on these changes."", 'The Policing Minister Chris Philp has also urged forces to embrace its potential to help police ""stay ahead"" of the criminals, prosecute them and become ""more operationally efficient"".', 'But privacy campaigners have raised concerns about government plans to expand facial recognition surveillance.', 'In November, every police chief in England signed a covenant for using AI in policing. ', ""It means everyone using or developing the technology for policing must ensure it meets a set of principles to ensure it's lawful, transparent and robust. "", 'Riven, which designed the DocDefender system with AWS, said: ""We have several safeguards in place to ensure the technology is used responsibly. ', '""We are proud that it gives officers significant time back to police their communities.""', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Whale conservationist Ted Cheeseman admits that the huge animals don't patiently pose for photos."", 'Instead, on most whale-watching trips he says ""you see 2% of the whale for 2% of the time"".', 'Nevertheless, going out in a boat to try to spot a whale remains very popular.', 'An estimated 13 million people go whale watching every year around the world, and the industry is said to be worth $2.1bn (Â£1.7bn).', 'The humpback whale is the star of the whale-watching business, as it\'s relatively common and spends time on the surface. Mr Cheeseman also says that the humpback is ""very engaging"", with the luckiest whale-watchers catching a breach (a jump out of the water) or a flick of the tail.', ""To help people feel a closer connection to each whale, Mr Cheesman's research company, HappyWhale, allows users to upload their photos onto its website."", ""HappyWhale's artificial intelligence (AI) software will then quickly trawl through its database of more than 70,000 different whales with the aim of telling you the exact animal that you were looking at."", ""It can tell you the whale's name, if it has already been given one, or invite you to choose one. And if the whale is one that has been previously recorded it will show you a map of everywhere that it has been sighted."", ""The AI works by using adapted human facial recognition software to identify each whale's uniquely shaped, coloured or marked tail. "", ""Mr Cheeseman says the AI is so effective that it doesn't need a whale's tail to be still and spread out - it can identify the whale even if its tail is rotated, curved, or in the midst of diving."", 'The ""WhaleID"" system is free for members of the public to use, but whale watching operators and cruise ships are asked to pay a monthly subscription.', '""We charge for commercial use of the mobile app, because for whale watch companies and expedition cruise operators it is a great experience for guides to be able to instantly identify a whale and relay its story,"" says Mr Cheeseman. ', '""This adds value, generating enthusiasm, and enabling the guide to tell a true story about the whales they are encountering, in a way that deeply connects with whale watchers.""', 'Oregon-based Happywhale uses all the data it gets from uploaded photos to help it track whale numbers and movements. It is an example of a growing trend - conservation groups using AI to enable members of the public to identify animals or birds. And in return the organisations get a host of crowdsourced data.', 'The Merlin Bird ID app allows users to find out what species of bird they are looking at - or hearing. Developed by The Cornell Lab of Ornithology at Cornell University in New York State, the user either takes a photo of the bird, or makes a recording of its song.', ""The AI software then quickly checks Cornell's database of images or recordings, kept in a digital archive called the Macaulay Library, and provides a match."", '""The idea behind Merlin was how can we support new birders,"" says Alli Smith, Merlin project coordinator. ""Just in North America, there are over 700 different species of birds that you could possibly find - that\'s overwhelming.""', 'Regarding the database of bird sounds, the AI works by turning the recording into a spectrogram or data waveform which it then tries to match against those already on file.', 'Merlin Bird users are encouraged to enter their location, and the size, colour and behaviour of the bird. This data is then added to the Macaulay Library, and scientists can use it to help them map bird populations, ranges and migratory patterns, and understand how they have changed.', '""Bird populations have been declining all over the world, but in the last 50 years, we\'ve lost three billion birds in the US and Canada alone,"" adds Ms Smith. ""This is the first time we\'ve been able to show this in real time.""', 'The app iNaturalist started out as a social network where members could post photos of animals and plants, and the community would identify what was in that photo.', 'Today it uses AI to determine what people have photographed. The AI was originally trained with more than 100 photos for each species, and keeps learning as more images are uploaded.', 'One of the developers of the app, Grant Van Horn, assistant professor of computer science at University of Massachusetts Amherst, says the AI is looking out for particular visual ""patterns"".', '""For example, after training the model to recognize a photo of a chipmunk or squirrel, the computer starts to see if these patterns are present in a similar image. And given those patterns, it will predict either chipmunk, or squirrel, or something else,"" he says.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'Wayne Klockner, executive director of US birdwatching organisation American Birding Association, says that image recognition apps are helping to boost conservation efforts.', '""I believe any resource that helps birdwatchers learn more is a positive, because that knowledge and enjoyment spark and reinforce interest in conservation,"" he says. ""People protect what they love and care about. If the application of AI contributes to that, birds will likely be better off.""', ""Back at HappyWhale, it says that the whale tracking data it gets from users' photos played a key role in persuading members of the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators to reduce the maximum allowed speed of their ships to prevent whale strikes."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The CEO of The Arena Group, publisher of Sports Illustrated, has been fired just weeks after the magazine was accused of publishing articles generated by artificial intelligence.', 'Ross Levinsohn was terminated ""to improve the operational efficiency and revenue"" of the company, Arena Group said in a statement.', 'It comes amid a wider purge of a number of senior executives at the company since the scandal broke.', 'Manoj Bhargava will take over as CEO.', 'But a spokesperson for Mr Bhargava - founder of the 5-Hour Energy drink - told the BBC that Mr Levinsohn\'s removal ""had absolutely nothing to do with the AI issue at all"". ', 'He insisted that the move was about ongoing efforts to improve the company. But it comes after the Arena Group fired three of its major executives last week, including chief operating officer Andrew Kraft, media president Rob Barrett and corporate counsel Julie Fenster.', 'The announcement comes a month after tech news outlet Futurism revealed Sports Illustrated had published several articles with fake author names and headshots from an AI-generated image website.', ""The magazine removed the content but disputed the report's accuracy, while launching an internal investigation. "", 'Arena Group licensed the content from a third-party company, Advon Commerce, a company spokesperson said in a statement. Advon Commerce is an e-commerce company that works with retailers and publishers.', 'In its statement last month, Arena Group claimed that Advon Commerce had assured them ""that all of the articles in question were written and edited by humans"" and that the e-commerce firm regularly uses ""counter-plagiarism and counter-AI software"".', 'As for the fake names, the group said writers were allowed to use pseudonyms ""in certain articles"" to protect their privacy. ', ""The brief statement from Arena Group announcing Mr Levinsohn's firing did not mention the scandal. "", 'This incident at Sports Illustrated comes as concern grows in the media world that generative artificial intelligence could cheaply replace journalists and potentially spread misinformation. Various newsrooms have experimented with AI or released guidelines for employees and audiences to explain their approach towards it.', 'Some newsrooms have made headlines, however, after publishing AI articles that included errors or falsehoods. Others gained attention for not marking stories as AI generated.', ""Numerous Sports Illustrated staff said on social media that they were appalled by the findings in Futurist's report, particularly as Arena Group has made large cuts to staff in recent years."", 'In a statement at the time, the Sports Illustrated Union said ""these practices violate everything we believe in about journalism"".', '""We demand the company commit to adhering to basic journalistic standards, including not publishing computer-written stories by fake people,"" the union said on X.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""European Union officials have reached a provisional deal on the world's first comprehensive laws to regulate the use of artificial intelligence."", 'After 36 hours of talks, negotiators agreed rules around AI in systems like ChatGPT and facial recognition.', 'The European Parliament will vote on the AI Act proposals early next year, but any legislation will not take effect until at least 2025. ', 'The US, UK and China are all rushing to publish their own guidelines.', 'The proposals include safeguards on the use of AI within the EU as well as limitations on its adoption by law enforcement agencies.', 'Consumers would have the right to launch complaints and fines could be imposed for violations.', 'EU Commissioner Thierry Breton described the plans as ""historic"", saying it set ""clear rules for the use of AI"".', 'He added it was ""much more than a rulebook - it\'s a launch pad for EU start-ups and researchers to lead the global AI race"".', ""European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said the AI Act would help the development of technology that does not threaten people's safety and rights."", 'In a social media post, she said it was a ""unique legal framework for the development of AI you can trust"".', 'The European Parliament defines AI as software that can ""for a given set of human-defined objectives, generate outputs such as content, predictions, recommendations or decisions influencing the environments they interact with"".', 'ChatGPT and DALL-E are examples of what is called ""generative"" AI. These programs learn from vast quantities of data, such as online text and images, to generate new content which feels like it has been made by a human.', 'So-called ""chatbots"" - like ChatGPT - can have text conversations. Other AI programs like DALL-E can create images from simple text instructions.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""A video showcasing the capabilities of Google's artificial intelligence (AI) model which seemed too good to be true might just be that."", 'The Gemini demo, which has 1.6m views on YouTube, shows a remarkable back-and-forth where an AI responds in real time to spoken-word prompts and video.', ""In the video's description, Google said all was not as it seemed - it had sped up responses for the sake of the demo."", 'But it has also admitted the AI was not responding to voice or video at all.', 'In a blog post published at the same time as the demo, Google reveals how the video was actually made.', 'Subsequently, as first reported by Bloomberg Opinion, Google confirmed to the BBC it was in fact made by prompting the AI by ""using still image frames from the footage, and prompting via text"".', '""Our Hands on with Gemini demo video shows real prompts and outputs from Gemini,"" said a Google spokesperson. ', '""We made it to showcase the range of Gemini\'s capabilities and to inspire developers.""', ""In the video, a person asks a series of questions to Google's AI while showing objects on the screen."", 'For example, at one point the demonstrator holds up a rubber duck and asks Gemini if it will float. ', 'Initially, it is unsure what material it is made of, but after the person squeezes it - and remarks this causes a squeaking sound - the AI correctly identifies the object.', 'This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Googleâ\x80\x99s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose â\x80\x98accept and continueâ\x80\x99.', 'However, what appears to happen in the video at first glance is very different from what actually happened to generate the prompts.', 'The AI was actually shown a still image of the duck, and asked what material it was made of. It was then fed a text prompt explaining that the duck makes a squeaking noise when squeezed, resulting in the correct identification.', 'In another impressive moment, the person performs a cups and balls routine - a magic trick where a ball is hidden underneath one of three moving cups - and the AI is able to determine where it moved to.', 'But again, as the AI was not responding to a video, this was actually achieved by showing it a series of still images.', 'In its blog post, Google explained that in fact it told the AI where a ball was underneath three cups, and showed it images which represent cups being swapped.', 'Google clarified that the demo was created by capturing footage from the video, in order to ""test Gemini\'s capabilities on a wide range of challenges"". ', 'While sequences were shortened and stills were used, the voiceover from the video is taken directly from the written prompts fed into Gemini.', 'But there is another element of the video which further stretches the truth.', 'At one point, the user places down a world map, and asks the AI: ""Based on what you see, come up with a game idea... and use emojis.""', 'The AI responds by apparently inventing a game called ""guess the country"", in which it gives clues (such as a kangaroo and koala) and responds to a correct guess of the user pointing at a country (in this case, Australia).', ""But in fact, according to Google's blog, the AI did not invent this game at all."", 'Instead, the AI was given the following instructions: ""Let\'s play a game. Think of a country and give me a clue. The clue must be specific enough that there is only one correct country. I will try pointing at the country on a map,"" the prompt read.', 'The user then gave the AI examples of a correct and incorrect answer.', 'After this point, Gemini was able to generate clues, and identify whether the user was pointing to the correct country or not from stills of a map.', 'It is impressive - but it is not the same as claiming the AI invented the game.', ""Google's AI model is impressive regardless of its use of still images and text-based prompts - but those facts mean its capabilities are very similar to that of OpenAI's GPT-4."", ""And it is noteworthy that the video was released just two weeks after a period of unprecedented chaos in the AI space, following Sam Altman's dramatic firing - and rehiring - as CEO of OpenAI."", 'It is unclear which of the two is more advanced - but Google may already be playing catch-up after Mr Altman told the Financial Times that the firm is working on the next version of its AI.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['An AI system designed to speed up the diagnosis of mental health conditions in children is to be developed in Cambridge.', 'The technology will use routinely-collected data about children to find patterns that identify those most at risk. ', 'Dr Anna Moore, who leads the project, said it could ""revolutionise"" care and highlight the need for more resources. ', '""Diagnosing it earlier, means it can be more easily treated,"" she said.', 'Child psychiatrists believe there is ""a crisis"" in the mental health care of children, and the NHS estimates 20% of people under 24 probably need some form of mental health support.', 'Dr Moore has just been awarded a Â£2.5m UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) Future Leaders Fellowship to pursue the programme.', 'She said she had witnessed it first hand as a consultant psychiatrist, but - as an expert in clinical informatics at the University of Cambridge - she said she believed there could be a digital solution.', '""Our mental health is affected by genetics, our early experiences in life and our current environment,"" said Dr Moore.', '""We\'re going to use cutting-edge AI technology to look at information that is gathered about us by health, education and social services throughout childhood. ', '""By bringing it all together we hope to spot trends which can alert a clinician to the fact that a child may be developing an early mental health condition.""', ""Bullying, family poverty, physical health problems and being a young carer can all affect a child's mental health."", 'Ali ,16, helps to care for his mother and brother who have a muscle-wasting condition, but he also has physical health problems of his own, which make going to school difficult. ', '""One year my attendance was just 20%,"" said Ali. ', '""I felt isolated, anxious and very low. It was like my Covid-19 lockdown had been extended by another couple of years.', '""Being a carer is also a challenge. You worry about whether you\'re doing too much or not enough to help.""', 'Ali and his brother have both experienced mental health problems and struggled to get timely support.   ', 'The system being developed by Dr Moore aims to help young people like Ali - without them having to ask for it.', '""Young carers often don\'t recognise that they need help themselves, so they can fall through the cracks in the system,"" said Dr Moore.', '""One hope is that these algorithms will identify the children whose problems may not ordinarily be flagged up so they can be offered support.""', 'Ali welcomed the research, saying: ""It\'s amazing. Data is viewed anyway and this will be confidential so I don\'t have any issues with it. ', '""It\'s a clever idea and I think it will save lives.""', ""Dr Moore will develop this system, with help from Microsoft, to be used in the NHS and the forthcoming Cambridge Children's Hospital."", 'The Kavli Centre for Ethics and the Centre for Human-Inspired AI are also both involved, to ensure the project progresses in a way that will benefit patients.', 'All data gathered to program the algorithms will be anonymised, with codes replacing names and personal information. ', 'Dr Moore said: ""We\'ve been working with families for years explaining what data we\'d need, how we\'d make it secure, unbiased and why we think it\'s necessary.', '""Their main concern was that none of our data should be given to police forces or commercial organisations like insurance companies, which it won\'t.', '""They\'ve been overwhelmingly supportive.""', 'Jeremy Bernhaut, head of policy and influencing at Rethink Mental Illness, said: ""Early intervention for young people struggling with their mental health can be lifesaving. ', '""However, in many cases, young people currently end up on heartbreakingly long waiting lists for support and the urgent priority is to resolve the lack of funding and workforce.""', 'Dr Moore hopes this project will highlight the need for more resources and that the technology can progress mental health care in the same way it has worked for physical conditions like diabetes and cancer.', 'If you need mental health support, help is available via BBC Action Line.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Google has released an artificial intelligence (AI) model which it claims has advanced ""reasoning capabilities"" to ""think more carefully"" when answering hard questions.', 'AI content generators are known to sometimes invent things, which developers call hallucinations.', 'Gemini was tested on its problem-solving and knowledge in 57 subject areas including maths and humanities.', 'Boss Sundar Pichai said it represented a ""new era"" for AI.', 'Google adopted a cautious approach to the launch of its AI chatbot, Bard, earlier this year, describing it as ""an experiment"". ', 'Bard made a mistake in its own publicity demo, providing the wrong answer to a question about space.', 'But Google is making some big claims for its new model, describing it as its ""most capable"" yet and has suggested it can outperform human experts in a range of intelligence tests.', 'Gemini can both recognise and generate text, images and audio - but is not a product in its own right.', ""Instead it is what it known as a foundational model, meaning it will be integrated into Google's existing tools, including search and Bard. "", 'Gemini appeared to have set a ""new standard"", highlighting its ability to learn from sources other than text, such as pictures, according to Chirag Dekate, from analysts Gartner.', 'He said that might ""enable innovations that are likely to transform generative AI."" ', ""Google has so far struggled to attract as much attention and as many users users as OpenAI's viral chatbot ChatGPT."", ""But it claims the most powerful version of Gemini outperforms OpenAI's platform GPT-4 - which drives ChatGPT - on 30 of the 32 widely-used academic benchmarks."", 'However, a new, more powerful version of the OpenAI software is due to be released next year, with chief executive Sam Altman saying the firm\'s new products would make its current ones look like ""a quaint relative"".', 'It remains to be seen whether the recent turmoil at OpenAI - which saw Mr Altman fired and rehired in the space of a few days - will have any impact on that launch.', ""The firm also faces fresh competition from Elon Musk's xAI, which is seeking to raise up to $1bn to invest in research and development. Chinese firm Baidu is also racing ahead with its own AI products."", 'But as the technology rapidly evolves, so do fears about its potential to cause harm.', 'Governments around the world are trying to develop rules or even legislation to contain the possible future risks of AI.', 'In November, the subject was discussed at a summit in the UK, where signatories agreed a declaration calling for its safe development. The King also said possible dangers needed to be addressed with a sense of ""urgency, unity and collective strength"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""At a time when the ethics of the development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) is dividing opinion, the founder of the world's leading AI chip maker says he's not concerned. "", '""I have every confidence that between all of our colleagues around the world, we will invent technologies, philosophies, methodologies, practices, monitors, regulations, design practices, to keep technology safe,"" founder, President and CEO of Nvidia Jensen Huang told the BBC at a roundtable interview on Wednesday.', 'His comments come a month after artificial intelligence (AI) company OpenAI descended into chaos, during which founder Sam Altman was sacked by the board, and then re-instated after an uproar.', 'During the drama at the company, which operates the large language model ChatGPT, a spotlight was shone on how commercial competition is shaping the development of AI systems and the pace at which the technology is moving.', 'However, top investor Microsoft denied it was due to a disagreement over safety. ', ""ChatGPT, was in fact, trained using 10,000 of Nvidia's graphics processing units (GPUs) clustered together in a supercomputer belonging to Microsoft."", ""The demand for its AI chips has pushed Nvidia's share price more than threefold, making it one of the most valuable companies in the world."", 'In May the firm joined technology giants Apple, Amazon, Alphabet and Microsoft in the elite club of companies with stock market valuations of more than $1 trillion (Â£822bn).', 'But the company is not alone in its pursuit of the AI chip businesses - Chinese telecoms firm Huawei has said it intends to make AI an integral part of its strategy, with its CFO Meng Wanzhou saying it wants to provide the world with a ""second option"". ', 'But Mr Huang says he is not phased by such competition, saying it is good for the advancement of the technology.', '""It allows us to do our best work and make contributions to society,"" said the chips founder, who is estimated to have a net worth of $41.6bn, according to Forbes. ', ""The chip designer dominates more than 90% of China's $7bn (Â£8.8bn) AI chip market, and Mr Huang acknowledged that historically around 20% of its revenue came from China. "", ""But in its November earnings report, Nvidia warned that it expects a fall in sales towards the end of the year because of US export restrictions aimed at curbing China's advancement in the field. "", 'The US said the measures were designed to prevent China from receiving cutting-edge technologies that it could use to strengthen its military, especially in the field of AI. ', 'Nvidia is working closely with the US government, Mr Huang said, to make sure chips for the Chinese market are fully compliant with the current rules. ', ""Despite relations between China and the US deteriorating in recent years, the Asia-Pacific region is central to Nvidia's supply chain. "", 'Its Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) has 35,000 parts, according to Mr Huang, with chips made in Taiwan by TSMC, memory chips from South Korea, packaging technology from Japan and technologies that power the chips from the United States.', '""This is the most sophisticated computer in the world. It\'s kind of a technology miracle.""', ""There is a recognition that AI is no longer just an opportunity, but that it is strategically vital, Mr Huang added, revealing that Nvidia is working with the Singapore government on a large language model called Sealion, as well as the country's overall AI strategy - and planned to make big investments there. "", 'Mr Huang added that Singapore is a growing market for his company because of the 1,100 AI start-ups based there and its role as a data centre hub for the region, but also because it is home to venture capitalists that fund the AI ecosystem. ', '""Once we have that language, once we have that foundation, the Singapore foundation, then the rest of the industries, the rest of society, the rest of competition, can then build upon that,"" he said.', '""The first wave was the American internet companies. The second wave are now the world\'s countries. Each one of the countries wants to build its own foundation to support its start-ups, its own companies, its own industries. And so now now we\'re seeing globally, the need to replicate what happened in the United States."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence software is to be used to predict if a patient is at risk to try and prevent the need for a hospital visit.', 'The ""Brave AI"" system is about to be rolled out to 30 doctors\' practices across the south west. ', ""Using an algorithm to identify patterns in patients' records, it can assess the risk of unplanned emergency call-outs."", 'Support services can then intervene and offer preventative care and reduce the need for hospital care.', 'The system will now be expanded to GP practices in Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Somerset, North Somerset, Dorset, Devon and Cornwall.', 'The new contract enables nurses, pharmacists, therapists and doctors to offer personalised support where needed, including remote health monitors or offering apps to self-report their health conditions.', 'The roll-out follows the successful ""Brave AI"" pilot scheme, where NHS Somerset partnered with the North Sedgemoor Primary Care Network (PCN) to analyse data from more than 500 care home residents.', 'The results found the number of resident falls were reduced by 35%, visits to emergency departments by 60%, and ambulance call-outs by 8.7%. ', 'Dr Vin Diwakar, NHS director for transformation, said: ""These measures not only keep some of the most vulnerable patients out of hospital, but encourage conversations with patients who might not otherwise contact their GP, spotting health conditions that might otherwise go unnoticed and boosting our ability to intervene early."" ', '""With the latest figures showing that hospitals are already under considerable pressure as we enter December, it is now vital that we maximise the use of these kinds of tools to cut admissions where we can."" ', 'If the current roll-out scheme proves successful, the technology will eventually be introduced to all GP practices across the south west.', 'Follow BBC West on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Nadia Alaee and her team are on the lookout for people that can bring artificial intelligence (AI) skills into the HR team at Deel, a San Francisco-based software company. ', 'She says the administrative work around staff leaving and arriving at the firm could be ""streamlined"" using AI.', ""It's not just in the HR team that Ms Alaee is on the lookout for AI skills; the company is searching for anyone that has experience of tools such as ChatGPT, the generative AI software created by OpenAI, in both technical and non-technical roles. "", '""If someone can come in with knowledge of AI tools and teach team members how to use them for specific tasks then that\'s a huge asset for us,"" says Ms Alaee, a senior director at the firm.', ""The latest wave of AI tech hit in late 2022, with a public version of ChatGPT, but rivals are multiplying and include Google's Bard and Claude from Anthropic."", 'Called generative AI, this form of artificial intelligence can produce all sorts of content - from computer code, to artwork, to essays. The material is not always perfect, but is cheap and quick to produce, making it attractive to businesses. ', 'Job posts mentioning AI or generative AI have, globally, more than doubled in the past two years, according to a report by LinkedIn.', 'LinkedIn also found that two in five UK workers (38%) predicted a significant change to their jobs in their next year because of AI, and while the majority (76%) are excited about this change, over a third (36%) admit to feeling overwhelmed by the amount there is to learn.', 'A separate report by software company ServiceNow, found a similar proportion of office workers (41%), admit to currently lacking the technical abilities needed to work alongside and use AI systems.', 'According to Ngaire Moyes, UK country manager at LinkedIn, AI can ""help remove the drudgery from day-to-day work, improve productivity and free-up time for more strategic and creative work"".', 'The efficiency benefits are even more pertinent for smaller businesses.', '""At a fast-growth, early-stage company, our two biggest constraints are time and resources,"" says Deirdre McGettrick, chief executive and co-founder of ufurnish.com, a UK online furniture comparison website with 16 employees.', '""AI can help propel the business forward at a much quicker rate of output without requiring increased resources,"" she says.', 'Ms McGettrick has two uses for AI. The first is for content, where instead of outsourcing work to copywriters, existing team member use ChatGPT to write the copy. That copy is then checked by a member of staff before it is published on the website.', 'The second use is for software development.', '""We look to hire software engineers who can use AI to write code,"" she says.', 'More technology of business', ""Meanwhile, many of Deel's employees are already using AI tools to help support both managers and staff in writing performance reviews."", 'Ms Alaee believes that AI helps some staff write more in-depth responses to questions, by giving them more confidence in their writing.', ""The downside of Deel's use of AI for performance reviews is that the process is less personalised. "", '""There\'s a level of human input required when we\'re using these AI tools to make sure we\'re tailoring the response to that person or situation so it doesn\'t feel robotic, generic or like a checkbox exercise,"" says Ms Alaee. ', ""Companies will also want to ensure that by using AI tools, they don't put themselves at risk of legal or security breaches, lose the culture of the organisation or the value of human expertise."", '""If you\'re just using the technology to do all of the work, it can be a detriment to you and your team members, as there could be misinterpretations, work that goes against company policies, or errors as a result of bias within AI,"" says Ms Alaee. ""And the employees who overuse the tools may not be able to hit their targets [because AI can only go so far].""', 'Emma Parry, professor of human resources at the Cranfield School of Management, explains that AI systems are only as good as the data that they are based on.', '""Data is often based on human decisions, meaning we\'re at risk of replicating or even introducing human biases as we use it. In the workplace, this could lead to discrimination and a reduction in opportunities for individuals from marginalised communities,"" she says.', 'And this is why, at least for the time being, AI is a tool that will help most people to do their jobs better, rather than replace them.', '""Success in many job roles will be reliant on our ability to evolve as we work alongside AI in our day-to-day work life, while organisations will also need to be re-designed and re-created in order to be effective,"" says Prof Parry. ', 'According to LinkedIn, two thirds of UK professionals have not yet been provided with any formal AI training or guidelines from their employer.', ""But according to Ms Moyes from LinkedIn, employers aren't expecting everyone to become AI experts, but they are wanting professionals to become AI-literate, which just means understanding how to make use of the tools available to help you do your job better."", 'Nevertheless, Paola Dyboski, founder of Dr Zigs, a specialty bubble toy manufacturer based in North Wales, has been surprised by the lack of adoption of AI tools.', '""We work with contractors for our marketing needs and while the awareness of AI is there, I have been surprised at the resistance to learn and use new AI tools,"" she says.', 'So how can workers get the AI skills they need?', 'First, by experimenting with many of the free versions of the tools available online.', '""Get familiar with the AI tools available - play with them yourself, read about what is coming out,"" says Ms Alaee.', 'After that there are a huge number of courses available online that focus on understanding the types of tools available and how to use them, as well as tailored courses for particular professions.', 'But before rushing to learn about AI tools, business leaders and employees should consider why they think they ought to use AI.', '""Rather than constantly asking \'how can we make things more efficient?\' we should refocus and question \'how can we make things better?\' to find a way to manage AI and benefit from a hybrid human, AI workforce,"" says Ms Parry. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', 'CES 2024: Check out these amazing gadgets', 'The Consumer Electrics Show (CES) is one of the biggest tech events in the world and the 2024 event is no different. ', 'Held in Las Vegas big brands have already started showing off their latest gadgets and inventions.', 'The first CES happened in 1967, and over the years thousands of products have been unveiled at the show - including satellite radio, Microsoft Xbox and 3D printers.', 'This year, CES 2024 runs from 9-12 January.', 'Loads of cool new technology has already been announced so far, including these products that could change the way we live in the home. ', 'What was the first thing to photosynthesise?', ""Peregrine mission's Moon landing now 'impossible' due to fault"", 'Have you ever wondered why wee is yellow?', 'It could be that having a large rectangular box in the corner of a room or on a wall will soon be a thing of the past. ', 'Tech manufacturer LG have revealed their latest innovation - televisions that you can see through. ', ""Unveiling a wireless 77-inch transparent TV called the OLED T, the set is designed to look like a clear pane of glass when it isn't in use."", ""It means the television can be placed at the centre of the room and, when in use, viewers can either keep it see-through - like a window that's playing a movie on it - or turn on a background filter, so the wall behind it is no longer visible."", 'The TV also includes various screensavers such as a life-like fish tank.', ""The company has not yet announced a price for the TV, but it's expected to be expensive, costing tens of thousands of pounds.  "", 'AI (artificial intelligence) is set to be a big part of CES2024 and LG have also announced the launch of a smart home robot companion. ', ""The little bot doesn't have a name yet, but LG says the little droid which is so far been described as 'Smart Home AI Agent' will be able to roam freely to help around the house. "", ""From being able to keep an eye on pets, with a real-time camera while you're out, to monitoring things like temperature and air quality, LG say the little bot can recognise human emotions and will tell its owners if it finds any issues inside the home. "", ""Have you ever been told off by your grown-ups for opening fresh food when there's something in the fridge that needs eating before its best before date? "", 'Well, South Korean manufacturer, Samsung has revealed a new fridge that it says uses AI technology that can help. ', 'The company says the fridge is able to accurately recognise up to 33 different foods and owners can manually enter best before dates so that the fridge can track and notify you of ingredients to use first.', ""It can also connect with a food app, displaying potential meals you can make from the contents inside the fridge on the appliance's video screen. If you're missing that one all-important ingredient, the fridge can also order it for you. "", ""We're hoping at CES next year there'll be a fridge that can even do the cooking and washing-up for you! We wish!"", 'American software company Nvidia has teamed up with AI developers Convai to reveal non-playable characters (NPCs) controlled by AI in video games.', 'The technology will allow NPCs to interact with players and their environments in a completely natural way.', 'It means that if you are, for example, playing an open-world video game where you did something within the environment, the NPC would react completely spontaneously to your actions, whereas before, any reaction would have been scripted and programmed by game developers.  ', 'According to Nvidia and Convai, these AI-powered characters will be able to ""display emotional awareness, and engage in organic interactions."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The recent chaos at artificial intelligence (AI) company OpenAI was not due to a disagreement over safety, the president of Microsoft has said. ', 'There were fears the sacking of OpenAI boss Sam Altman followed a ""dangerous"" discovery at the ChatGPT creator. ', 'Brad Smith told the BBC the shock dismissal ""wasn\'t fundamentally about a concern like that."" ', 'Microsoft is the top investor in OpenAI and offered to hire Mr Altman before he was reinstated at the firm last week. ', 'During the drama, a spotlight was cast on how commercial competition is shaping the development of AI systems and the pace at which the technology is moving. ', 'Tech figures, including X-owner Elon Musk suggested the firing of Mr Altman, and his subsequent reappointment, were the result of a fall-out over AI safety. ', 'Mr Smith told the BBC: ""I don\'t think that is the case at all. I think there obviously was a divergence between the board and others. ', '""I think what\'s more important is there\'s a new board in place. The partnership between OpenAI and Microsoft is as strong as ever.""', 'Mr Altman was a co-founder of OpenAI and became the face of its ground-breaking chatbot ChatGPT after it launched last year. ', 'He secured a significant funding boost to the tune of $13bn (Â£10bn) from Microsoft, which helped catapult the business. ', ""After Mr Altman's sacking by the OpenAI board, Microsoft then offered him a job leading a new advanced AI research team. "", 'But his return to his post came after a company revolt where more than 700 OpenAI employees signed a letter to the board threatening to follow him to Microsoft unless he was reinstated.', 'No reason has been given for the sacking apart from the board\'s statement, in which they said they believed he had not been ""consistently candid in communications"" with them, and as a result they had ""lost confidence"" in his leadership.', 'Mr Smith was in London to unveil a Â£2.5bn investment in advanced data centres designed to drive future use of AI in the UK.', 'He told the event: ""[There are] opportunities for the UK to benefit from not just this investment in innovation, but competition between Microsoft and Google and others. I think that\'s where the future is going. ', '""And I think that what we\'ve done the last couple of weeks in supporting open AI will help advance that even more.""', 'Fears that AI was going to overtake humans in the next year were unfounded, he said.', '""There\'s absolutely no probability that you\'re going to see this so called artificial general intelligence where computers are more powerful than people come in the next 12 months. It\'s going to take years, if not many decades.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Amazon has become the latest tech giant to announce a chatbot powered by artificial intelligence (AI). ', 'It said that the bot, called Q, would help businesses to do things like summarise long documents or group chats and would increase productivity. ', ""It comes a year after OpenAI's bot ChatGPT shook the market, sparking a rush among tech firms to adopt them."", 'Amazon also said it would protect companies from copyright issues arising from the use of its bot.', ""It follows high-profile lawsuits brought against ChatGPT-maker OpenAI, over claims that firms' copyright was infringed to train the system."", 'Amazon will hope that Q, which will gradually be rolled out across it main business applications, will entice more companies to use its cloud computing services.', 'The bot can also answer customer queries, generate charts, analyse data and help businesses with their coding needs. ', 'The race between tech giants to innovate in AI has been heating up, with Microsoft considered to be leading the field after its big investment in ChatGPT.', 'In September, Amazon said it would invest ""up to $4bn [Â£3.2bn]"" in Anthropic, an AI firm set up by ex-OpenAI staff members. It also owns Mechanical Turk, a service which crowdsources training of AI models. ', 'As it launches Q, the company promised to protect businesses from copyright claims, such as the lawsuit brought by comedian Sarah Silverman against OpenAI and Facebook-owner Meta in July. ', 'Ms Silverman, along with two other authors, claimed their books had been ""ingested and used to train ChatGPT"", and that Meta\'s Llama AI system was also using their work.', ""In November, a judge in the US dismissed much of Silverman's lawsuit."", 'However, other authors including Margaret Atwood and Philip Pullman have also called on AI companies to compensate them for using their work.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['An ice rink has been used to test anti-skidding on a car powered by artificial intelligence (AI).', 'University of Surrey researchers brought the driverless vehicle to Guildford Spectrum for a trial which they declared a ""huge success"".', 'The car drove around for 90 minutes to test traction control and ""gathered more data than expected"", they added.', 'The AI system senses when wheels are spinning too quickly and adjusts the power accordingly. Â\xa0', ""The technology was tested on the University's ZEBRA car - which stands for Zero Emission test Bed for Research on Autonomous driving. "", 'The team is using AI to develop a way of preventing skidding in icy or wet conditions. ', 'Carmine Caponio, a researcher in automotive engineering at the University of Surrey, said: ""Our system appeared to work very well, and we must now analyse our data and prepare for further tests. Â\xa0', '""It is highly unusual to be able to test technology on ice like this outside of large industrial companies - so to have a facility like the Spectrum available to us is a real privilege.""', ""By using its driverless function, the researchers were able to more accurately control the vehicle's acceleration, enabling more precise, consistent tests. Â\xa0"", 'Mario Mihalkov, researcher at Surrey\'s Centre for Automotive Engineering, said:Â\xa0""We hope our findings will be of great interest to car makers - and can help make driving safer in slippery conditions for millions of drivers."" Â\xa0', 'The team hopes to return to the rink for more tests in early 2024.', 'Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on X, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Sports Illustrated deleted web articles after a report claimed they were generated by artificial intelligence and published under fake author names. ', 'Tech publisher Futurism reported the issue after finding author headshots on an AI-generated image website. ', 'The Sports Illustrated Union said staff were ""horrified"" and demanded ""basic journalistic standards"".', ""The publisher's owner disputed the report's accuracy, but it said it had launched an internal investigation."", 'Arena Group, which owns the Sports Illustrated magazine and website, licensed the content from a third-party company, Advon Commerce, a company spokesperson said in a statement.', 'Sports Illustrated has since removed the content after the allegations were raised, the statement added. Arena Group is now pursuing an internal investigation and has  ended its partnership with Advon Commerce. ', 'Advon Commerce, an e-commerce company that works with retailers and publishers, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ', 'The Sports Illustrated Union said ""these practices violate everything we believe in about journalism"". ', '""We demand the company commit to adhering to basic journalistic standards, including not publishing computer-written stories by fake people,"" the union said on X.', 'Arena Group claimed that Advon Commerce had assured them ""that all of the articles in question were written and edited by humans"" and that the e-commerce firm regularly uses ""counter-plagiarism and counter-AI software"".', 'The company alleged that AdVon Commerce had allowed its writers to use pseudonyms ""in certain articles"" to protect their privacy, however. That was why the AI-generated pictures were used and the author names cannot be found elsewhere on the internet.', 'This incident at Sports Illustrated comes as concern grows in the media world that generative artificial intelligence could cheaply replace journalists and potentially spread misinformation. Various newsrooms have experimented with AI or released guidelines for employees and audiences to explain their approach towards it. ', 'Some newsrooms have made headlines, however, after publishing AI articles that included errors or falsehoods. Others gained attention for not marking stories as AI generated. ', ""Numerous Sports Illustrated staff said on social media that they were appalled by the findings in Futurist's report, particularly as Arena Group has made large cuts to staff in recent years. "", 'Mitch Goldich, an editor at Sports Illustrated who leads the union, said the magazine had done ""real damage to the credibility of the hardworking humans I have been honored to work with for the past 9 years"".', 'He changed his name on X to ""Mitch Goldich (human)"" to further emphasise the point. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Teachers are using artificial intelligence (AI) to save time by ""automating tasks"", says a government report first seen by the BBC.', 'Adapting the reading age of texts, making handouts, and writing emails to parents were cited as popular uses, with a ""small number"" saying they used it for grading and feedback.', 'Teachers said it gave them more time to do ""more impactful"" work.', 'But the report also warned that AI can produce unreliable or biased content.', 'The Department for Education (DfE) report is based on 567 responses to a call for evidence about AI in education, including schools, over the summer. Most submissions were from England.', 'It found that most respondents were ""broadly optimistic"" about the use of AI in education, but almost all had some hesitations.', 'They worried about AI producing false information including when marking assessments, for example.', 'The report will inform future policy on AI, the DfE said - adding that the government was already helping to ""realise the potential of AI in education"".', 'Ben Merritt, head of modern foreign languages at King Ecgbert School in Sheffield, recently used AI to generate a cartoon for an exercise with his class.', 'In the lesson, he wanted to ask children to label parts of the face in German, but he could not find the perfect illustration on the internet.', '""It was very easy to find pictures of smiling children of all different ethnicities, genders, and so on. But none of them particularly had the teeth visible... by typing in precisely what I wanted, I got the exact image that I ended up using,"" he said. ', '""There\'s an awful lot to do as a teacher, whether it\'s admin tasks or resource-creation, marking, feedback and so on,"" Mr Merritt added.', '""Cutting down on the more administrative tasks - and not just cutting down the time taken, but also improving them - in my view, that means that I can be more focused on improving teaching practice.""', 'However, Mr Merritt stressed the need to check the content that AI produced.', '""I asked it to create some questions from a YouTube video, and the 10th question it came up with was something like, \'where should you click to like and subscribe to this video?\', which is no good in a classroom at all.""', 'The DfE report suggests some teachers are using AI to demonstrate and ""raise awareness of the risks and limitations"".', 'Tilly, a Year 9 student at Mr Merritt\'s school, where teachers have set up a working group to share ideas, said: ""My science teacher... showed us how to calculate something, and then AI came up with questions of how we can practise that. And the answers actually ended up being wrong."" ', 'Tilly added that she learned to double-check every time if the AI was correct.', 'Catherine Elliott, who works for Sheffield City Council, holds meet-ups for teachers across the city for educational institution Learn Sheffield to talk about how they use the technology.', '""Most people are using it for creating resources. Things like having a piece of text and simplifying it into a language that\'s understandable relative to the reading age of children,"" she said.', 'Ms Elliott added that this can help children with special educational needs and disabilities, or for whom English is a second language.', '""I\'ve heard stories of people using it as a starting point for report-writing. Now, obviously, you need to put your personal spin on that. But it can generate some really good sentences for you.""', 'According to the survey tool Teacher Tapp, four in 10 teachers are already using AI in their schoolwork. ', ""Prof Becky Allen, the app's co-founder and chief analyst, said some teachers found it easier to use AI to cut down on work than others. "", '""It\'s really quite normal now as a maths teacher, that you don\'t mark maths homework any more,"" she said - adding that this was becoming the case even before widespread access to AI tools.', '""One of the reasons why we\'re OK with it in maths is because we have such chronic shortages of maths teachers that you know nobody really feels aggrieved.""', 'The government says there are 27,000 more teachers in England than there were in 2010, but pupil population has also grown and there are more students per teacher.', 'Prof Allen said an important question was whether AI could be trusted to give feedback more widely, suggesting it could save teachers time in ""low-stakes situations"".', 'Many teachers went on strike this year because of workload, as well as pay.', 'Research by the Education Support charity this month suggested 36% of school teachers in the UK had experienced ""burn-out"". ', 'The DfE report said that for some teachers, using AI ""reduced their overtime, improved their work-life balance and increased job satisfaction"".', 'Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said the right approach was needed ""to take advantage of this transformative technology"".', '""It\'s heartening that many education professionals are already seeing the tangible benefits of AI,"" she said.', '""The results of the call for evidence give us a crucial evidence base to inform our future work on AI, helping us make the right decisions to get the best out of generative AI in a safe and secure way."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Children are making indecent images of other children using artificial intelligence (AI) image generators, according to a UK charity.', 'The UK Safer Internet Centre (UKSIC) said it had received ""a small number of reports"" from schools but called for action now before the problem grew.', 'It said children might need help to understand that what they were making was considered child abuse material.', 'The charity wants teachers and parents to work together.', 'It pointed out that, while young people might be motivated by curiosity rather than intent to cause harm, it was illegal in all circumstances under UK law to make, possess, or distribute such images, whether they are real or generated by AI.', 'It said children might lose control of the material and end up circulating it online, without realising there are consequences for these actions. It also warned that these images could potentially be used for blackmail.', 'New research conducted by classroom tech firm RM Technology, with 1,000 pupils, suggests that just under a third are using AI ""to look at inappropriate things online"". ', '""Students using AI regularly is now commonplace,"" said Tasha Gibson, online safety manager at the firm.', '""In fact, their understanding of AI is more advanced than most teachers - creating a knowledge gap. This makes keeping pupils safe online and preventing misuse increasingly difficult. ', '""With AI set to grow in popularity, closing this knowledge gap must become a top priority.""', 'It also found teachers were divided over whether it should be the responsibility of parents, schools or governments to teach children about the harms caused by such material.', 'The UKSIC wants a collaborative approach, with schools working together with parents.', '""[We] need to see steps being taken now, before schools become overwhelmed and the problem grows,"" said UKSIC director David Wright.', '""Young people are not always aware of the seriousness of what they are doing, yet these types of harmful behaviours should be anticipated when new technologies, like AI generators, become more accessible to the public.', '""An increase in criminal content being made in schools is something we never want to see, and interventions must be made urgently to prevent this from spreading further.""', 'Victoria Green, CEO of the Marie Collins Foundation - a charity which helps children impacted by sexual abuse - warned of the ""lifelong"" damage that could be caused. ', '""The imagery may not have been created by children to cause harm but, once shared, this material could get into the wrong hands and end up on dedicated abuse sites. ', '""There is a real risk that the images could be further used by sex offenders to shame and silence victims.""', ""The scope for AI to turn children into the generators of extreme content was demonstrated in September by an app which creates the impression of having removed someone's clothing in a photo."", 'It was used to create fake nude images of young girls in Spain, with more than 20 girls, aged between 11 and 17, coming forward as victims.', 'The images had been circulating on social media without their knowledge. So far there have been no charges brought against the boys who made the pictures.', 'So-called ""declothing"" apps began emerging on social media sites in 2019, often on messaging service Telegram as automated software with AI features - also known as bots.', 'Initially very unsophisticated, improvements to generative AI have allowed apps - like that used in Spain - to become much more effective in creating photorealistic fake nude images.', 'The Spanish bot has nearly 50,000 subscribers - implying it has had that many users, who pay a fee to create pictures, typically after being able to make several for free.', 'The BBC asked the maker of the bot for comment but they refused to provide a response.', 'Javaad Malik, a cyber expert at IT security firm KnowBe4, told the BBC it was becoming harder to differentiate between real and AI-generated images, a trend that was fuelling the use of ""declothing"" apps.', '""It\'s got mass appeal unfortunately, so the trend is just going up and we\'re seeing a lot of revenge porn-type activities where cultural or religious beliefs cause a lot more issues for victims,"" he said.', 'Additional reporting by Chris Vallance and Liv McMahon.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Cameras fitted with artificial intelligence (AI) are being used to catch people who illegally dump waste.', 'The technology used by Peterborough City Council (PCC) helps identify images of dumped rubbish and pinpoint the moment the discarded waste appears.', 'The number of fly-tipping incidents being reported in the city increased during the Covid-19 lockdowns.', 'A report presented to councillors wrote: ""Fly-tipping continues to be an issue across the city and country.""', 'There were 9,748 fly-tipping incidents reported in Peterborough in 2019, but 11,517 reported in 2020.', 'A slightly higher figure of 11,972 incidents was logged last year, the council said.', ""The report was presented to PCC's climate change and environment scrutiny committee earlier this month."", 'PCC issued 107 fixed penalty notices for fly-tipping between April 2022 and March 2023. It hoped the cameras would improve its enforcement rates.', 'A council spokeswoman said three sets of cameras were being deployed and they had been in use for ""several months."" ', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Artificial Intelligence (AI) is being used to predict where potholes will appear on a county's roads."", 'The pilot, run by West Berkshire Council, will use the technology to digitally capture images of road conditions to help anticipate where holes or cracks could form in tarmac.', 'Inspection vehicles, mounted with cameras, will also log the condition of road markings and traffic signs.', 'The authority said it could make highway repairs more efficient.', 'Speed limit signs and the deterioration of road edges could also be registered, according to the AI company Vaisala.', 'The pilot will cost Â£15,000 and run until June 2024.', 'West Berkshire Council, which oversees roads in Newbury, Thatcham, Hungerford and Pangbourne, said the technology would help to reduce costs.', 'Councillor Denise Gaines, the authority\'s executive member for highways, called the project ""exciting"".', '""It results in cost savings, enhanced safety, better resource allocation, and a more efficient, data-driven approach to road maintenance.', '""It\'s a significant step towards improving the quality and durability of road networks while minimising disruptions and safety hazards - the results of which I am very much looking forward to seeing,"" she added.', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The tech world is in shock.', 'On Friday, Sam Altman - one of the brightest stars of the booming artificial intelligence industry, a man who for many had become the go-to spokesperson for AI - was unceremoniously dumped from the company he co-founded, a firm that introduced many people directly to the concept for the first time. ', 'Yes, AI has been in our lives for ages - curating our social media feeds, recommending movies on video streaming platforms, playing a hand in calculating our insurance premiums. ', 'But until the arrival of the AI chatbot ChatGPT, most people had never actually spoken to it before - or had it talk back.', 'Artificial intelligence is an incredibly powerful technology. It sounds like a bad movie plot but plenty of experts seriously say it could either save the world or destroy it.', 'They are high stakes - and Mr Altman is one of relatively few people with that future in his hands.', ""His dismissal from OpenAI, the company behind the ChatGPT bot, was as sudden as it was dramatic. It's fair to say my phone blew up when the news broke, as the tech community and journalists scrambled to make sense of it all."", 'In a statement, his board of directors said they believed he had not been ""consistently candid in communications"" with them, and as a result they had ""lost confidence"" in his leadership. ', ""Reading between the lines, this suggests there was something he either had or had not told them - and somehow he's been caught out. The wording is so powerful, it almost sounds personal. "", 'There are swirling rumours but, so far, no further facts.', ""It's not unknown in tech firms for a toxic working culture to lead to the boss's downfall - but there has been no grumblings about that in the case of OpenAI. "", ""In October it was set to be valued at $80bn (Â£64bn) - so there's no apparent cash problem. "", 'Is there a problem with the tech itself? A few days ago Mr Altman wrote about ChatGPT struggling to meet a ""surge in demand"" and having to pause sign-ups for its top-level subscription service. Is that enough to face the sack over though? ', 'His co-founder Greg Brockman, who was dismissed from the board a few minutes after Mr Altman, said both men were shocked by how suddenly it had happened. ', 'There were only six people on that board, including Mr Brockman and Mr Altman. If they were indeed blindsided, that means this decision was taken by just four. What happened to make this small group act so decisively and so quickly?', 'Mr Altman, now the former CEO of OpenAI, had addressed world leaders in discussions about the risks and benefits posed by the powerful tech he was pioneering.', 'He memorably said that AI was ""a tool and not a creature"" and seemed honest about his fears that it could one day become out of control.', ""Just two weeks ago he was in the UK at the world's first AI safety summit as one of only around 100 global delegates. He gave a speech last week about the future of his company and its tech. "", ""I think it's safe to assume he genuinely had no idea what was coming. "", 'Silicon Valley\'s big guns have so far rallied behind Mr Altman, including former Google CEO Eric Schmidt, who described him as a ""hero of mine"".', 'Microsoft boss Satya Nadella said he had ""confidence"" in the firm. Well, he needs to - Microsoft has invested billions in it, and the tech which underpins ChatGPT is now embedded in Microsoft\'s office apps.', 'One character who has been uncharacteristically quiet so far is Elon Musk. He and Mr Altman set up OpenAI together, along with others, but are said to have fallen out over a decision to move it away from being non-profit. There are rumours that it is this very issue which has once again divided opinion within the firm now.', ""Mr Musk's company X, formerly Twitter, has released a new chatbot called Grok. Perhaps he's not unhappy about OpenAI being a bit distracted by a drama of its own making for a while."", ""In the meantime it falls to chief technology officer Mira Murati to take over as interim CEO. The tech world is a small one - she previously worked at Musk's car firm Tesla. "", 'Can she now steady this suddenly lurching ship?', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Sam Altman has been ousted as the head of artificial intelligence firm OpenAI by the company's board, which said it had lost confidence in his ability to lead the company."", 'The board said Mr Altman had not been ""consistently candid with his communications"", hindering its ability to exercise its responsibilities.', 'The 38-year-old helped launch OpenAI, which is behind the ChatGPT bot.', 'Mr Altman had become one of the most high-profile figures in the industry.', ""In a statement the board said it was grateful for Mr Altman's contributions but that members believed new leadership was necessary."", '""The board no longer has confidence in his ability to continue leading OpenAI,"" the company said, citing ""a deliberative review process by the board, which concluded that he was not consistently candid in his communications with the board, hindering its ability to exercise its responsibilities"".', 'It is not clear what he is alleged to not have been candid about.', 'On social media, Mr Altman wrote that he had loved his time at the company.', '""It was transformative for me personally, and hopefully the world a little bit. Most of all I loved working with such talented people,"" he wrote.', 'According to OpenAI co-founder Greg Brockman, it all took place over hastily-organised Google Meet video conference calls. ', 'Mr Brockman - who was himself dismissed from the board a few minutes later and then resigned from the company - said both men were ""shocked and saddened"" by the news.', 'He said they were ""still trying to figure out exactly what happened"" but claimed in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter, that the whole drama unfolded in a matter of hours.', ""They sat on the company's relatively small board of just six executives. It is unusual for such a tight team to take such a dramatic decision so quickly, which begs the question: was it personal?"", 'OpenAI is widely seen to be a company at its peak, with lucrative investment pouring in, and ChatGPT - which was launched almost exactly one year ago - is used by millions.', ""Mr Altman has been the face of the firm's rise. More than that, he is seen by many as the face of the industry more widely."", ""He testified before a US Congress hearing to discuss the opportunities and risks created by the new technology, and also at the world's first AI Safety Summit, held in the UK at the beginning of November."", 'The outpouring of support from Silicon Valley bosses shows that he enjoyed the support of the tech industry.', 'On social media, former Google boss Eric Schmidt called Mr Altman ""a hero of mine"" and said that he had ""changed our collective world forever"". ', '""I can\'t wait to see what he does next. I, and billions of people, will benefit from his future work- it\'s going to be simply incredible,"" he wrote.', 'There will be a lot of interest in whatever that next move is - and many will be waiting to see if Mr Altman is angry enough to talk about being dumped by the company he helped create.', 'He has promised he will have ""more to say about what\'s next later"".', 'But it doesn\'t appear he\'s poised to lift the lid on his departure just yet, even writing on X to advise OpenAI\'s remaining board members to ""go after me for the full value of my shares"" if he gets into a public row with them.', 'ChatGPT can now access up to date information', ""Mr Brockman announced he had quit his role at the company following Mr Altman's ousting."", 'In a statement posted X, Mr Brockman said: ""I\'m super proud of what we\'ve all built together since starting in my apartment eight years ago.', '""We\'ve been through tough and great times together, accomplishing so much despite all the reasons it should have been impossible. But based on today\'s news, I quit.""', 'He said he would continue to ""believe in the mission of creating safe AGI that benefits all of humanity"".', 'OpenAI started in 2015 as a non-profit.  It restructured in 2019 and is now backed by Microsoft, which has invested billions. ', 'Just weeks ago, OpenAI was reportedly in talks to sell shares in the company to investors at a price that would value it at more than $80bn (Â£64bn).', 'The company said its board members -who include an OpenAI chief scientist, the head of popular question and answer app Quora, and an AI researcher affiliated with Georgetown University - did not have shares in the firm and that their fundamental governance responsibility was to ""advance OpenAI\'s mission and preserve the principles of its Charter"".', 'The company said chief technology officer, Mira Murati, would take over as interim chief, effective immediately, while the board searches for a permanent replacement. ', 'ChatGPT is known for its ability to respond to prompts from users with human-like text. ', 'Hundreds of millions of people have tried it out, and many are now regularly using it to help them do their jobs and study - to consternation in some cases, like teachers facing essays written by the bot and people worried for their jobs. ', 'The company has also faced legal action from writers who say the bot developed its abilities by harvesting their work, in violation of copyright law. ', 'Billionaire Elon Musk, who with Mr Altman was one of the founding co-chairs of OpenAI, has also criticised it for straying from its non-profit roots. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A festival has defended showing work by an artist who had an exhibition ""cancelled"" after he posted comments referencing the Israel-Gaza conflict.', ""Ai Weiwei's artwork Illuminated Bottle Rack is on display at Durham Cathedral, as part of this year's Lumiere."", 'Festival organisers said they were ""pleased"" to be able to show the renowned artist\'s work in the city.', 'Ai, 65, said he found ""joy"" in seeing ""any opportunity that upholds the expressive freedom of artists"".', 'An exhibition of work by the Chinese artist and activist was due to open on Wednesday at the Lisson Gallery in London, but was called off after he posted comments on social media referencing the Israel-Gaza conflict.', 'Illuminated Bottle Rack, which comprises 61 antique chandeliers and was first created by Ai in 2018, is on display in Durham - as part of the Lumiere festival - until Sunday.', 'The Lumiere is a biennial event delivered by Durham County Council, with funding from Arts Council England. ', 'Arts Council England said the details of the festival were a matter for Artichoke, the London-based company commissioned by the council to install the event', 'It said recipients of funding were responsible for ""artistic programme decisions and day-to-day management of their activities"". ', 'A statement on behalf of Lumiere said: ""We always defend the artist\'s right to express a view. We are pleased to be able to exhibit a work of Ai Weiwei\'s at Lumiere 2023.""', 'Ai said: ""I saw that Illuminated Bottle Rack was exhibited at Durham\'s Lumiere Festival.', '""For an artist, every expression is akin to a facial expression - sometimes joyful, sometimes indignant. Ultimately, it is a form of countenance. ', '""Expression, in my view, mirrors what I believe reflects the health of society. ', '""Concurrently, I have numerous exhibitions and activities that remain unaffected. ', '""They adhere to the principle of providing adequate space for free speech, including room for perspectives that diverge from mainstream thoughts. This embodies a characteristic of a healthy society and civilization.""', 'In his earlier post, which has since been deleted, Ai suggested that the ""sense of guilt around the persecution of the Jewish people"" had been transferred and held against the Arab world.', 'He also said the Jewish community had a strong influence in the media, finance and culture in the US, and that America\'s $3bn (Â£2.45bn) annual military support to Israel meant the two countries had a ""shared destiny"".', 'The contemporary artist, who has previously been openly critical of the Chinese government\'s stance on democracy and human rights, said he had received a notification from London\'s Lisson Gallery that his exhibition was ""effectively cancelled due to my tweet"".', 'The gallery said there was ""no place for debate that can be characterised as anti-Semitic or Islamophobic"".', 'Follow BBC North East  on Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), and Instagram. Send your story ideas to northeastandcumbria@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""A senior executive at the tech firm Stability AI has resigned over the company's view that it is acceptable to use copyrighted work without permission to train its products."", 'Ed Newton-Rex was head of audio at the firm, which is based in the UK and US.', 'He told the BBC he thought it was ""exploitative"" for any AI developer to use creative work without consent. ', 'But many of large AI firms, including Stability AI, argue that taking copyright content is ""fair use"".', 'The ""fair use"" exemption to copyright rules means the permission of the owners of the original content is not required.', 'The US copyright office is currently conducting a study about generative AI and policy issues.', 'Mr Newton-Rex stressed that he was talking about all AI firms which share this view - and the majority of them do.', 'Replying to his former member of staff in a post on X (Twitter), Stability AI founder Emad Mostaque said the firm believed fair use ""supports creative development"". ', 'AI tools are trained using vast amounts of data, much of which is often taken, or ""scraped"", from the internet without consent. ', 'Generative AI - products which are used to create content like images, audio, video and music - can then produce similar material or even directly replicate the style of an individual artist if requested.', 'Mr Newton-Rex, who is also a choral composer, said that he ""wouldn\'t jump"" at the chance to offer his own music to AI developers for free.', '""I wouldn\'t think \'yes, I\'ll definitely give my compositions to a system like this\'. I don\'t think I\'d consent,"" he said.', 'He added that plenty of people create content ""often for literally no money, in the hope that one day that copyright will be worth something"".', 'But, ultimately, without consent their work was instead being used to create their own competitors and even potentially replace them entirely, he said.', 'He built an AI audio creator for his former employer called Stability Audio but said he had chosen to licence the data it was used to train on and share revenue from it with rights holders. He acknowledged that this model would not work for everybody.', '""I don\'t think there\'s a silver bullet,"" he said.', '""I know many people on the rightsholder side who are who are excited about the potential agenda today and want to work with it, but they want to do it under the right circumstances.""', 'He said he remained optimistic about the benefits of AI and was not planning to leave the industry.', '""I think that ethically, morally, globally, I hope we\'ll all adopt this approach of saying, \'you need to get permission to do this from the people who wrote it, otherwise, that\'s not okay\',"" he said.', 'The use of copyright material to train AI tools is controversial. ', 'Some creatives, including the US comedian Sarah Silverman and Game of Thrones writer George RR Martin, have initiated legal action against AI firms, arguing that they have taken their work without permission and then used it to train products which can recreate content in their style.', 'A track featuring AI-generated voices of music artists Drake and The Weeknd was removed from Spotify earlier this year after it was discovered that it had been created without their consent.', 'But the boss of Spotify later said he would not ban AI from the platform completely,', 'Earlier this year, Stability AI faced legal action from the Getty image archive, which claimed it had scraped 12 million of its pictures and used them in the training of its AI image generator, Stable Diffusion.', 'Some news organisations, including the BBC and The Guardian, have blocked AI firms from lifting their material from the internet.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""As Doritos, Walkers and Wotsits speed along a conveyor belt at Coventry's PepsiCo factory - where some of the UK's most popular crisps are made - the noise of whirring machinery is almost deafening."", ""But here, it's not just human workers trying to hear signs of machine failure above the factory fray."", 'Sensors attached to equipment are also listening out for indications of hardware faults, having been trained to recognise sounds of weary machines that risk bringing production lines to a grinding halt.', 'PepsiCo is deploying these sensors, created by tech firm Augury and powered by artificial intelligence (AI), across its factories following a successful US trial.', 'The company is one of many exploring how AI can increase factory efficiency, reduce waste and get products onto shelves sooner.', 'From early design to delivery, AI is seen as having a key role in a new wave of manufacturing. ', 'Its ability to process and analyse huge volumes of data is already helping manufacturers predict and prepare for potential disruption.', 'A minute of factory downtime can cost companies thousands of pounds, and increased delays can mean missing out on consumer demand at critical moments like the festive period or Black Friday.', 'So tools that can check and analyse processes in real-time, warn of problems on the horizon, and harness historical data to recommend fixes are becoming familiar sights on factory floors.', 'The sensors used in PepsiCo factories have been trained on huge volumes of audio data, to be able to detect faults such as wearing on conveyor belts and bearings, while analysing machine vibrations.', '""We have today over 300 million hours of machines that we\'ve analysed and monitored, and we can leverage all this data to create algorithms that know how to pinpoint specific patterns of different malfunctions,"" says Augury chief executive, Saar Yoskovitz.', 'By also collecting information and insights into equipment health on the whole, such as identifying when a machine might fail again in future, the technology lets workers schedule maintenance in advance, and avoid having to react to machine errors as they occur.', 'Using AI-powered sensors can also give the company a way to cut down on waste across its operations.', '""If the machine is working in the most optimal way you can reduce the energy consumption of that machine"", says Mr Yoskovitz.', ""Computer vision, which involves training machines to recognise objects in images and video, is another type of AI being used across some of the world's factories to detect product defects at-scale."", 'The flurry of items moving along conveyor belts and through sorting machines in factories mean miniscule defects in products can easily be missed.', ""This is particularly true of computer chip wafers and circuit boards that have intricate designs and components. Errors which might have previously gone unnoticed by the human eye can now be picked up by a machine's camera, and caught by algorithms trained to spot specific, surface-level anomalies."", ""Alexandra Brintrup, professor of digital manufacturing at the University of Cambridge's Institute for Manufacturing, tells the BBC that the use of AI for improving efficiency in the industry, including in areas like predictive maintenance and quality control, can now be considered conventional applications of the technology. "", '""I feel like the more exciting opportunities of AI in manufacturing are going to come from things that we couldn\'t even attempt to do before, like capacity sharing between manufacturers, improving visibility in supply chains, even sharing of trucks in a logistics chain,"" she says.', 'The interwoven, complex nature of supply chain networks, and the reluctance of some stakeholders to say who supplies them, has previously kept many aspects of manufacturing shrouded in mystery.', 'But AI can be used to analyse and predict who and where suppliers are, giving companies an insight into bottlenecks, and consumers an insight into where their products are coming from, and the materials used.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', ""Prof Brintrup leads the Institute for Manufacturing's Supply Chain AI Lab, which has developed its own predictive mechanism to identify where ingredients such as palm oil may have been used in a product, but disguised under a different name on its label."", ""The lab's recent research suggested that palm oil can go by 200 different names in the US - and these might not stand out to eco-conscious consumers."", '""We have increasingly a society that is very much aware of the environmental and societal impact of manufacturing, so I think increased supply chain visibility and giving that information to the consumer is going to become more and more important,"" Prof Brintrup adds.', 'The question of what the rising adoption of AI tools on factory floors and in the wider supply chain will mean for workers looms large over the manufacturing landscape.', 'Some firms are exploring how AI can be used to keep production line workers safe around machinery - using machine learning and computer vision techniques to monitor factory camera feeds to identify possible threats or accidents.', ""Meanwhile, AI-powered wearables like exoskeletons have been deployed across UK warehouses to ensure people tasked with repeatedly carrying heavy loads aren't getting strained or injured."", 'This video can not be played', 'Exoskeletons help take the strain of heavy lifting', ""David Schwartz, global vice president of PepsiCo Labs, says that the firm sees Augury's sensors and AI more broadly as a way to deliver more value for workers and customers, and not just to future-proof its factories."", '""It\'s helping enhance how people work, so we can bring better efficiency to meet the needs of our people, of our customers, and we can be prepared to lean into the future to meet their needs on a daily basis,"" he says', 'Watch BBC Click to see how AI is being used to get snacks to shelves smoothly and also tackle wildfires. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artist Ai Weiwei has said his new exhibition has been cancelled after he posted comments on social media referencing the Israel-Gaza conflict.', ""The Chinese artist and activist's exhibition was due to open on Wednesday at the Lisson Gallery in London."", 'Ai, who has been vocal in his support for the Palestinians, said he was ""committed to voicing my perspective"".', 'The gallery said there was ""no place for debate that can be characterised as anti-Semitic or Islamophobic"".', 'Its statement said: ""After extensive conversations with Ai Weiwei, following a comment he posted online, we together agreed that now is not the right time to present his new body of work.""', 'His post, which has since been deleted, suggested that the ""sense of guilt around the persecution of the Jewish people"" had been transferred and held against the Arab world.', 'He also said the Jewish community has a strong influence in the media, finance and culture in the US, and that America\'s $3bn (Â£2.45bn) annual military support to Israel meant the two countries have a ""shared destiny"".', 'Ai said he had received a notification from the gallery that his exhibition was ""effectively cancelled due to my tweet"".', 'A representative for the artist said a further three exhibitions - at the Lisson Gallery in New York and the Galerie Max Hetzler in Paris and Berlin - had also been called off.', 'Ai said he had replied to another user who had asked him a question, and he had ""attempted to be objective and neutral without moral judgment, accusations, or evaluation of human actions"".', 'He also said that as an artist, he was only interested in free expression, not ""seeking correct expression"".', 'However, he continued: ""When discussing correctness or wrongness, I must be wrong. I have always regarded free expression as a value most worth fighting for and caring about, even if it brings me various misfortunes...', '""Incorrect opinions should be especially encouraged. If free expression is limited to the same kind of opinions, it becomes an imprisonment of expression. Freedom of speech is about different voices, voices different from ours.""', 'In a separate statement, he said: ""If culture is a form of soft power, this represents a method of soft violence aimed at stifling voices.', '""It\'s not directed solely at me but at the broader culture of a society lacking a spiritual immune system. When a society cannot withstand diverse voices, it teeters on the brink of collapse.""', 'In its statement, the Lisson Gallery said ""all efforts should be on ending the tragic suffering in Israeli and Palestinian territories, as well as in communities internationally"".', 'It added: ""Ai Weiwei is well-known for his support of freedom of expression and for championing the oppressed, and we deeply respect and value our longstanding relationship with him.""', ""Ai Weiwei is a contemporary artist, documentarian and activist who found global prominence after being openly critical of the Chinese government's stance on democracy and human rights."", 'He was born in Beijing in 1957, and grew up in labour camps in the north-west of China after his father, Ai Qing, an anti-establishment poet, was exiled.', 'In 2011, he was arrested in Beijing for ""economic crimes"", and detained for 81 days without charge. ', ""Ai is one of China's most vocal political commentators and makes use of Chinese art forms to display political and social issues."", 'He is also a well known advocate for human rights and has vocally expressed support for the Palestinian people.', 'In 2016 he filmed a documentary, Human Flow, in Gaza about the global refugee crisis.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Hallucinate is the Cambridge Dictionary's word of the year, as it gains an additional definition in one of many AI-related updates in 2023."", 'The traditional definition is to ""to seem to see, hear, feel, or smell something that does not exist"".', 'It now includes ""when an artificial intelligence (AI) hallucinates, it produces false information"".', 'AI ethicist Dr Henry Shevlin said it was ""a snapshot of how we\'re thinking about and anthropomorphising AI"".', 'Dr Shevlin, from the University of Cambridge, said: ""Inaccurate or misleading information has long been with us, of course, whether in the form of rumours, propaganda, or fake news.', '""Whereas these are normally thought of as human products, hallucinate is an evocative verb implying an agent experiencing a disconnect from reality. ', '""This linguistic choice reflects a subtle yet profound shift in perception: the AI, not the user, is the one hallucinating.""', 'The definition was added after a surge in interest in generative AI tools like ChatGPT, Bard and Grok.', 'A US law firm used ChatGPT for legal research, which led to fictitious cases being cited in court, Cambridge Dictionary said. ', 'Wendalyn Nichols, Cambridge Dictionary\'s publishing manager, said: ""The fact that AIs can hallucinate reminds us that humans still need to bring their critical thinking skills to the use of these tools. ', '""AIs are fantastic at churning through huge amounts of data to extract specific information and consolidate it - but the more original you ask them to be, the likelier they are to go astray.""', 'Prompt engineering, large language model and GenAI were among about 6,000 new words and definitions also added in 2023.', 'Words which experienced spikes in the online dictionary\'s searches included the word implosion, after the Titan submersible\'s implosion in June, and GOAT, an abbreviation for ""greatest of all time"".', 'The Qatar World Cup provoked debates about who was the GOAT in football, Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo or one of the late greats like PelÃ© or Diego Maradona.', 'The dictionary is published by Cambridge University Press & Assessment, part of the University of Cambridge.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial Intelligence could save lives by warning where a hurricane will hit land much sooner than traditional forecasting systems, researchers say.', ""A new AI tool from Google DeepMind predicted where September's hurricane Lee would make landfall in Canada three days ahead of existing methods."", 'Weather forecasts have become much more accurate over the decades.', ""But AI's speed and ability to analyse past events to make predictions make it a game-changer, say scientists."", 'An accurate weather forecast is useful to tell you what to wear when you go out in the morning but - much more importantly - can forewarn us of extreme weather like storms, floods and heatwaves, giving communities crucial time to prepare.', 'However, traditional weather forecasts take vast amounts of computing power.', 'They involve creating estimates of hundreds of factors including air pressure, temperature, wind speeds and humidity at different levels of the atmosphere around the globe.', 'A new AI tool called GraphCast created by Google DeepMind outperforms the European Medium Range Weather Forecasting  model - one the best in the world - on more than 90% of those factors, according to a peer-reviewed paper published by DeepMind in the journal Science.', 'GraphCast produces its forecasts in less than a minute, using a fraction of the computing power of traditional forecasting methods because it takes a very different approach.', 'Traditional weather forecasting involves taking measurements of what is happening in the atmosphere right now. ', 'The best models take in hundreds of millions of readings from around the world every day.', 'These come from a huge range of sources including weather stations, satellites, balloons sent up in the atmosphere, buoys in the ocean - even readings taken by sensors on the noses of commercial jet planes.  ', '""We then use our model to select which are going to be the most important,"" explains Matthew Chantry, of the European Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasting (ECMRWF) who says about 10 million of the measurements will be used for one of its forecasts.', ""This ocean of data is fed into a supercomputer to be processed by programmes which can do quadrillions (a thousand trillion) of calculations every second. These use complex equations to simulate what happens in the Earth's atmosphere to predict how the weather will change and evolve over time."", 'This method has been extraordinarily successful. As the models have improved and the computers have got more powerful over the decades, weather forecasts have got significantly more accurate.', 'But these numerical weather prediction (NWP) models, as they are known, take vast amounts of computer resources, using some of the biggest supercomputers in the world and typically take hours to produce their forecasts.', 'AI shortcuts much of this effort. It does not try to model how the world works. ', 'Instead, GraphCast uses machine learning to digest vast quantities of historical data - including the output of the ECMRWF model - to learn how weather patterns evolve. ', 'It uses this knowledge to predict how the weather now is likely to change in the future.', 'And it is proving very effective. ', '""The main advantage of this AI approach is that it\'s extremely accurate,"" said Remy Lam of Google DeepMind, who helped create the weather tool.', '""It learns from decades of data and is able to be more accurate than the industry gold standard,"" he says.', 'And, because it does not try to solve complex equations, it can make its forecasts very quickly and using much less computing power.', ""GraphCast's forecasts are not as detailed as those produced by the ECMRWF but it is better at predicting severe events like extreme temperatures and at tracking the path of big storms."", 'It accurately predicted where Hurricane Lee, a storm that hit the Atlantic coast of the US and Canada in September, would make landfall, for example.', ""Deep Mind's AI tool predicted its path nine days ahead, the ECMRWF only managed six days ahead."", 'But the success of GraphCast does not mean we can shut down the supercomputers and rely on AI instead.', 'Even Remy Lam from Google DeepMind says that will not happen.', '""We are standing on the shoulders of giants to build those models"", he says.', 'Rather than replacing traditional weather forecasts AI models will complement them, he believes.', '""AI models are trained from data and that data is generated by traditional approaches, so we still need the traditional approach to gather data to train the model,"" says Mr Lam.', 'GraphCast is open source which means Google DeepMind is sharing the details of the design so anyone can use the technology.', 'Many technology companies and weather and climate organisations around the world are designing their own AI weather prediction tools.', ""The Met Office, the UK's national weather service, is working with the Turing Institute, the country's data science centre to explore the potential for AI to improve weather forecasting, for example."", '""Weather forecasts derived from artificial intelligence and machine learning are taking huge leaps forward,"" acknowledges Prof Simon Vosper, the Met Office\'s Director of Science.', 'But he warns climate change will limit the predictive power of AI based tools.', '""We are seeing new climate-related weather extremes, such as last year\'s 40C temperatures in the UK that would haven\'t been realised in former times"", says Prof Vosper.', 'The way extreme weather systems evolve may also be changing.', 'Hurricane Otis rapidly intensified from a tropical storm into the strongest category 5 hurricane over just 24 hours in October before making devastating landfall on the coast of southern Mexico. ', 'Climate scientists warn rising ocean temperatures are likely to make this process of rapid intensification of storms more common.', '""So it is fair to question whether AI-based systems are able to pick up new extremes if these systems have only been \'trained\' on previous weather conditions,"" suggests Prof Vosper.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A police force has started using artificial intelligence to detect whether drivers are using mobile phones at the wheel or not wearing seat belts.', ""Merseyside Police deployed an AI-equipped spy camera van on the region's roads for the first time this week. "", 'The van uses two cameras to capture footage of motorists which is then analysed by an AI system to detect whether any offence has been committed.', 'Footage flagged by the system is then reviewed by a police officer. ', 'Sgt Garreth Berry said the technology would ""make our roads safer"" and noted that last year 19 people died on Merseyside\'s roads and 440 were seriously injured. ', '""The new technology isn\'t about giving tickets, it\'s about improving road safety and encouraging people to stop using their phones and start wearing seatbelts,"" he said.', '""Hopefully now everyone knows we\'re using this technology, it will prevent them from using their phone and encourage them to wear seatbelts.""', ""The first camera in the AI-equipped van is set at a shallow angle and can identify a mobile phone close to the driver's ear or whether a seat belt is being worn by drivers or passengers."", 'The second has a steeper view to see if a mobile phone is being used for texting.', 'Offences identified in the AI results will be double-checked by humans before being passed to the police for review, who will then notify drivers of any intended prosecution. ', 'Paul Fletcher, from Merseyside Road Safety Partnership, said the ""vast majority"" of people understand the dangers of using a phone or not wearing a seatbelt.  ', '""For those who don\'t appreciate the risks associated with both, we\'re hoping this device will be enough to prevent them from continuing to put themselves and other at risk of harm,"" he added.', 'Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, X and Instagram? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['When tech entrepreneur Ian Leaman needed to buy a website address for his new artificial intelligence start-up he found that he had an expensive problem.', ""The New Yorker had named his business Pantry AI, so in December of last year he decided to see if the domain name Pantry.ai hadn't already been taken."", 'Unfortunately someone else had already registered it a number of years previously, so Mr Leaman had to get in touch with that person to see if he could strike a deal to buy it from him.', '""I offered $2,000 [Â£1,647] and he said he only wanted $12,000,"" says Mr Leaman. ""Then I offered $7,000 and he remained stuck on $12,000.', '""We agreed on $12,000 as long as it could be done with a payment plan.""', 'Now the proud owner of Pantry.ai, Mr Leaman says that as pricey as the deal became, he\'s happy he has secured a memorable website address that has ""a strong noun"" within it. The latter is said to be increasingly rare to obtain.', 'That $12,000 figure may sound high, but it is in fact at the low end of fees now being paid for domain names that include AI. This is especially true if AI is the suffix - the bit after the dot, such as .com or .co.uk.', 'One web address, npc.ai, was sold for $250,000 this year, while another, service.ai, went for $127,500, according to one report. Such head-turning figures are a side effect of the feverish buzz surrounding AI start-ups and technology.', 'But how does the system of getting a domain name actually work? Firstly, there are more than 1,000 domain registrars. These are all accredited by a global organisation called The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names.', 'You go to one of these registrar websites, and type in the name you want. It will then tell you if it is available, or whether it has already been registered.', 'If the website address is unclaimed then you can simply pay a small amount - as little as Â£15 a year - to resister it as your own.', 'On the other hand, if the specific domain name is already registered, but you really want to try and get it, you need to contact something called a domain brokerage. These are businesses that facilitate the buying and selling of website addresses. ', 'The broker will - for a fee - contact the current owner, and see if he or she wants to sell it, and then try to facilitate a deal.', 'Joe Udemme, chief executive of US-based domain brokerage Name Experts, says that demand for AI-named websites has soared over the past year.', '""For those who want .ai suffixes, I\'m seeing sales in the low five-figures, and sometimes in the six figures,"" he says. ""The sweet spot for companies is something short and brandable.""', 'The total value of all domain names that include AI rose to $20m in August of this year, compared with $7m a year earlier, according to figures given to the BBC by Escrow.com, a company that processes domain name sales.', 'Meanwhile, brokerage, Afternic, says that the term AI is now the second most used word in website addresses sold via its platform.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', '""These AI domains are being bought by both start-ups looking for their name online, and those trying to flip those domains to make some money,"" says Matt Barrie, chief executive of Escrow.', 'He adds that one domain name speculator bought an AI website name for $300,000, only to then sell it some months later for $1.5m. ""There are speculators in the space who realise companies want the best branding.""', 'For AI firms it can make acquiring their website address of choice an expensive business, but Mr Barrie says that getting ""a short and clean"" one can help a company appear higher on internet search results. He adds that it is also easier for consumers to remember.', '""Consider a top domain as a permanent discount on your marketing budget,"" says Mr Barrie. ', 'Mr Udemme says that the most popular website addresses for AI firms are a single word followed by the .ai suffix.', '""The way to look at using a single word is that it becomes beachfront digital real estate,"" he says. ""Once you build that, no one can build in front of you, only behind you.""', 'Mr Leaman agrees, saying he preferred getting Pantry.ai rather than PantryAI.com. His business uses AI to help manufacturers of consumer goods accurately calculate how many products they need to manufacture for future orders.', 'The surge of AI-related website addresses flying off the online shelves is a movement that is here to stay, says Andrew Rosener, chief executive of domain name brokerage MediaOptions.', '""AI isn\'t a trend like how we saw with crypto... thanks to all the investment capital rushing in, and how companies want to show how AI-forward they are to vendors and customers.""', 'But he warns businesses to avoid buying AI-focused domains simply because the technology is hot right now. ""I wouldn\'t advise clients to be spending exorbitant prices on a domain containing \'AI\' just to be part of what\'s happening now,"" Mr Rosener says. ""Only if your company is AI-centric would that decision make any sense.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Rapper Bad Bunny has released a furious rant about a viral TikTok song that uses artificial intelligence (AI) to replicate his voice.', 'The track has hundreds of thousands of views and also uses fake vocals from Justin Bieber and Daddy Yankee. ', 'In a post on his WhatsApp channel, Bad Bunny said anyone who liked the song NostalgIA should leave the group chat.', '""You don\'t deserve to be my friends,"" the singer wrote in Spanish. ""I don\'t want them on the tour either.""', ""The track was uploaded by a user under the name flowgptmusic, but there's no evidence to say they're linked to the AI platform FlowGPT - which is powered in a similar way to ChatGPT."", 'Bad Bunny - real name Benito Antonio MartÃ\xadnez Ocasio - also used expletives to describe the song in his post on WhatsApp, where he has 19 million followers.', ""The Monaco and Fina singer, 29, has more than 83 million monthly listeners on Spotify and is rumoured to be in a relationship with model Kendall Jenner - but the pair haven't confirmed this publicly."", ""BBC Newsbeat has approached Puerto Rican artist Bad Bunny's record label for a comment about the AI track."", ""Justin Bieber and Daddy Yankee haven't publicly commented on it, but Newsbeat has reached out to them too."", ""It's not the first time stars have hit out at AI-generated tracks."", 'In April, Drake and The Weeknd had their voices cloned for Heart On My Sleeve by a creator known as @ghostwriter.', 'The song went viral online and later had to be removed from Spotify, Apple Music and Deezer after Drake said it was ""the final straw"".', 'The software works by analysing huge amounts of music in order to create something new - but there are currently no clear laws in place about who owns the copyright.', 'However, some people in the industry have said AI can be a useful tool for creating music and the technology should be embraced. ', ""In an interview with the BBC, the boss of Spotify said it wouldn't ban AI tracks from the platform, but drew the line at artists' voices being cloned."", 'Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The mother of a girl whose photo was used in AI-generated naked images says hundreds of parents have told her their children are also victims.', ""Miriam Al Adib's daughter was one of several children from a Spanish village who had indecent images created using photos of them fully clothed. "", 'She says parents around the world claim their children have also been targeted.', 'One Welsh teacher said schools needed to play a role in explaining the dangers of AI to children.', 'The Internet Watch Foundation said it was ""not surprising"" the practice was so widespread.', 'The town ofÂ\xa0AlmendralejoÂ\xa0hit headlines in September after more than 20 girls, aged between 11-17 had AI-generated indecent images shared online without their knowledge.', 'Mrs Al Adib was among a group of parents who created a support group for those affected, which she said led to many other parents contacting her with their own concerns.', '""Hundreds of people have written to me saying \'how lucky you have been [to have support] because this same thing has happened to us, it happened to my daughter, or it happened to me, and I haven\'t had any support\',"" she told Wales Live.', '""If any girl is affected, please tell your parents.""', 'Ms Al Adib said mothers and fathers of those affected in her village had started a group to help support each other and their children.', 'She added: ""This helped many girls to come forward to also say what had happened to them. It is important to know, because many girls are not able do not dare to talk about this with their parents.""', 'She said the combination of access to social networks, pornography and artificial intelligence was a ""weapon of destruction"". ', ""The UK's first AI safety summit last week heard Home Secretary Suella Braverman commit to clamp down on AI-generated child sexual abuse material."", 'The UK government said: ""AI-generated child sexual exploitation and abuse content is illegal, regardless of whether it depicts a real child or not. ', '""The Online Safety Act will require companies to take proactive action in tackling all forms of online child sexual abuse - including grooming, live-streaming, child sexual abuse material and prohibited images of children - or face huge fines.""', 'Susie Hargreaves, chief executive of the Internet Watch Foundation, said child sexual abuse material generated through AI needs to be addressed ""urgently"".', 'She said she was concerned there could be a ""tsunami"" of images created in the future.', '""That\'s because it\'s not something that\'s about to happen. It is happening,"" she said.', 'In their October 2023 report, the foundation found that in just one month more than 20,000 AI-generated images were found on one forum which shares child sexual abuse material.', ""Comments included congratulations for creators on the realism of pictures, and users saying they had created images from pictures they'd taken of children in a park."", 'Dr Tamasine Preece, who leads health and wellbeing at Bryntirion Comprehensive school in Bridgend, said things like social media and smart phones mean her role has changed ""immeasurably"" since she started teaching.', 'She said it was ""absolutely vital schools play a pivotal role"" in working with children about topics like the dangers of AI.', 'Wales Live showed her an advert which claims an app can generate nude photos, which she described as ""heart-breaking\'.', '""We as adults can bring them out into the foreground in a safe way rather than these subjects being taboo and discussed amongst themselves sharing misinformation,"" she added.', 'The Lucy Faithful Foundation, which works with offenders to tackle child sexual abuse, said it was bracing itself for an ""explosion"" of child sexual abuse material created by AI.', 'AI (artificial intelligence) allows computers to learn and solve problems almost like a person.', 'AI systems are trained on huge amounts of information and learn to identify the patterns in it, in order carry out tasks such as having human-like conversation, or predicting a product an online shopper might buy.', 'The technology is behind the voice-controlled virtual assistants Siri and Alexa, and helps Facebook and X - formerly known as Twitter- decide which social media posts to show users.', 'Many experts are surprised by how quickly AI has developed, and fear its rapid growth could be dangerous. Some have even said AI research should be halted.', 'In October, the UK government published a report which said AI might soon assist hackers to launch cyberattacks or help terrorists plan chemical attacks.', 'In the EU, the Artificial Intelligence Act, when it becomes law, will impose strict controls on high risk systems.', 'The UK government previously ruled out setting up a dedicated AI watchdog.', 'But Prime Minister Rishi Sunak wants the UK to be a leader in AI safety, and is hosting a global summit at Bletchley Park where firms and governments are discussing how to tackle the risks posed by the technology.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['""Lawyers are tired. They\'re bored a lot of the time,"" says Jaeger Glucina. ""Having something to do the grunt work for you and get you into a position where you can focus on strategy earlier: That\'s key.""', 'She is the managing director and chief of staff at Luminance, a UK company founded in 2015 that specializes in artificial intelligence (AI) for legal professionals. Before she joined Luminance in 2017, she qualified as a barrister and solicitor in New Zealand. ', '""Legal professionals are obviously very highly trained people,"" she says. ""But the reality is, they are spending a huge portion of their time reviewing [contracts]. It can take up to an hour for someone to review a non-disclosure agreement. There can be hundreds of these documents [in a firm] every day.""', 'Now, Luminance is preparing to launch a fully automated contract negotiation tool called Luminance Autopilot. The company plans to start beta testing with selected customers in the next month, with a wider roll-out in the new year.', ""I've been invited to the company's London office to see it in action. On the desk in front of me are two laptops. The one on the left, for the purposes of this demo, belongs to Luminance general counsel Harry Borovick. The one on the right represents Connagh McCormick, general counsel at Prosapient, a (genuine) Luminance customer. On the back wall behind the laptops is a large screen, showing an audit trail of the changes each party makes to the contract."", ""The computers are going to use Autopilot to negotiate a non-disclosure agreement that's acceptable to both parties. Non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) set out the terms under which one organisation will share its confidential information with another."", ""The demo begins. Mr Borovick's machine receives an email with the NDA attached, so it opens it in Microsoft Word. Autopilot rapidly reviews the contract and starts to make changes. A six-year term is unacceptable, so it's changed to three years. The governing law for the contract is changed from Russia to England and Wales."", 'The next risky clause imposes an unlimited liability, meaning there\'s no ceiling on how much Luminance might have to pay if the terms of the NDA were breached. ""This is a showstopper for Harry\'s business,"" says Ms Glucina. ', '""So, the software\'s proposed a liability cap of Â£1m instead. It also softened the clause. The other party had inserted some wording around \'holding harmless\', which means that they would be absolved of any legal liability in certain situations. But the AI knew that wasn\'t okay and so it protected Harry from that risk by removing the clause.""', 'There follows a contractual dance, where both AIs try to improve the terms for their owners. ', 'Mr Borovick\'s computer emails the amended NDA back automatically and it opens on McCormick\'s machine. His AI notices the ""hold harmless"" language has gone and inserts a liquidated damages provision. That effectively turns the Â£1m maximum liability into an agreed compensation to pay if the agreement is broken. ', ""Mr Borovick's AI strikes that out when it receives the updated contract and inserts language so his firm is only liable for direct losses incurred."", ""Version four of the contract is acceptable to both parties. Mr McCormick's AI accepts all the changes and sends it to Docusign, an online service for signing contracts. "", '""At that point you get to decide whether we actually want the human to sign,"" says Ms Glucina. ""And that would be literally the only part that the human would have to do. We have a mutually agreed contract that\'s been entirely negotiated by AI.""', 'More technology of business', 'The entire process has taken just a few minutes. ""The idea is to reduce the delays that are often caused by people just not getting to something in their inbox, or being super busy on another task,"" says Ms Glucina.', ""Autopilot is an evolution of Luminance's copilot tool, which colour-codes clauses for legal professionals as they review a contract in Word. Acceptable clauses are green, unacceptable clauses are red, and non-standard clauses are amber. The tool can also redraft clauses using AI, based on its knowledge of what the firm has agreed in the past."", 'Although other companies including Lexcheck, Genie AI and Thoughtriver offer contract review technologies, Luminance is the first to announce an autopilot.', ""The Luminance system is built on a large language model (LLM), which is also the foundation of popular text generation tool ChatGPT. The major difference is that Luminance's tools have been trained using more than 150 million legal documents, instead of public internet content. "", 'Luminance users create knowledge banks containing their signed documents, so that the software can learn what contract terms the company usually agrees to. ', ""After seeing the demo, I spoke to Connagh McCormick, general counsel at Prosapient. The company finds experts for investors, consultants and others who need to research an industry. Three of his team work on contracts, with between 20 and 30 client negotiations going on at any one time. Some only take 48 hours, while others take 12 months. They use Luminance's solutions to speed up their contract review."", ""He's keen to try the new Autopilot when it's available. "", '""Some people ask, \'how do you feel about AI doing all the negotiation?\',"" he says. ""It ends up in the laps of both lawyers signing. At that point, I\'m going to read the contract and the other lawyer\'s going to read the contract. If there\'s anything I disagree with, I\'ve got the opportunity to flag it. I\'m not committed to anything the AI has done.""', 'What about the risk to jobs? ""You are always going to need that human step there,"" he says. ""Part of the reason people go to lawyers is for trust. It\'s a lot harder to hold AI accountable than it is a person. AI means that a lawyer\'s time is going to be spent doing something more interesting, more valuable.""', 'Law Society of England and Wales president Nick Emmerson agrees that lawyers will still be needed. ""At present, and probably into the distant future, AI will be unable to fully replace the function of legal expertise provided by legally qualified professionals.', '""This is because clients have different needs and vulnerabilities which a machine cannot yet master, and human judgement is needed to ensure that automated decisions do not result in potential false positives. There is also an art in negotiation and ultimately, bargaining that AI is unlikely to master.""', 'He adds: ""With any technological innovation, what it means to be a lawyer is likely to evolve, as will the type of jobs and the skills required.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Elon Musk has launched an AI chatbot called Grok on his social media site X, formerly Twitter, but so far it is only available to selected users.', '""In some important respects, it is the best that currently exists,"" he posted on X, before its release.', 'Mr Musk boasted that Grok ""loves sarcasm"" and would answer questions with ""a little humour"".', 'However, early signs suggest it suffers from problems common to other artificial intelligence tools.', 'Other models decline to respond to some questions, for example providing criminal advice. But Mr Musk said Grok would answer ""spicy questions that are rejected by most other AI systems"".', 'In a demonstration of the new tool, posted by Mr Musk, Grok was asked for a step-by-step guide to making cocaine. ', 'It responded ""just a moment while I pull up the recipe... because I\'m totally going to help you with that"", and listed generalised rather than useable information, combined with sarcastic suggestions, before warning against pursuing the idea.', 'It struck a gleeful tone in reference to the trial of crypto-entrepreneur Sam Bankman-Fried, but mistakenly suggested it took eight hours for the jury to deliver a guilty verdict, when in fact they returned it in under five.', 'Generative AI tools like Grok have been widely criticised for including basic errors while sounding highly convincing in their style of writing.', ""The team behind Grok xAI was launched in July, drawing on talent from other AI research firms. It is a separate company, but closely linked to Mr Musk's other enterprises X and the electric car firm, Tesla."", 'Earlier this year Mr Musk said he wanted his version of AI to be ""a maximum truth-seeking AI that tries to understand the nature of the universe"".', 'Mr Musk said a major advantage of Grok was that it had access to up-to-date information from the X platform, which set it apart from the launch versions of some rivals, although increasingly up-to-date responses are available for paying customers with other AI tools.', 'Grok is currently in a test or ""beta"" format but will later be available to paying subscribers of X. Mr Musk said late on Sunday that the chatbot would be ""built into the X app and be available as a standalone app"".', ""Last week at the UK's AI summit, Mr Musk conceded there were dangers associated with AI development."", 'But he has also been a long-standing champion of the technology. He was a co-founder of the firm OpenAI which created ChatGPT, the first AI tool made widely available last year. Microsoft has invested in OpenAI making the tool available on its platform.', 'Since then Google launched its rival artificial intelligence (AI) model, Bard, and Meta has launched Llama. The tools are designed to use previously ingested information to generate text answers that sound as though a human has written them. ', 'Grok is a term coined by science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein, in his 1961 novel Stranger in a Strange Land. In it ""grokking"" was to empathise deeply with others.', ""However, xAI said Grok was modelled after the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams, which started as a BBC radio series in the 1980s, but was later remade in print and on film."", 'xAI said Grok was ""intended to answer almost anything and, far harder, even suggest what questions to ask"".', 'Grok was a ""very early beta product  - the best we could do with two months of training"", it added.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A man who claims he lost a fortune in Bitcoin to landfill now plans to use AI to locate it.   ', 'James Howells, 38, has spent the last decade trying to retrieve a discarded hard drive reportedly containing 8,000 units of the coveted cryptocurrency.  ', 'He said it was worth Â£4m when it was mistakenly binned, but now estimates its value to have risen to around Â£227m.', 'But for 10 years Newport council has refused an excavation of the tip site.', 'IT engineer Mr Howells, from Newport, had his hard drive - which is roughly the size of a mobile phone - accidentally thrown away in 2013.', ""Since then he has repeatedly petitioned the city's council to grant him access to the dump to search for it."", ""And he's so convinced that it's buried under the tonnes of rubbish that he's pledged to donate 25% of any funds retrieved from the hard drive - a potential Â£50m - to various schemes in the local community.       "", '""I\'ve narrowed down the area where I need to dig, based on the amount of time that\'s gone by,"" Mr Howells said', '""It\'s a disused section of the site - 100,000 tonnes of a total 1.4m tonnes.   ', '""I\'d then take the landfill to a unit where it\'ll be placed on a conveyor belt and subjected to an AI scanning system.', '""And if the AI recognises anything that looks like a hard drive it\'ll be flagged and removed.""', 'He added: ""Having spoken to staff who used to work at the landfill I\'m sure the hard drive didn\'t go through any recycling or crushing process at the time either.""  ', ""Mr Howells argued the council's environmental concerns over the site being dug up were unnecessary."", '""What I\'m proposing will be carried out to the highest of standards, and I\'ve got some of the best people in the excavation business involved,"" he said.', '""I\'ve employed two barristers and a King\'s Counsel, all of whom are prepared to take this all the way - right up to appealing [to] the Supreme Court if necessary.""     ', 'A spokesperson for Newport council said: ""We have been contacted many times since 2013 about the possibility of retrieving a piece of IT hardware said to contain bitcoins, which may or may not be in our landfill site.', '""The council has told Mr Howells multiple times that excavation is not possible under our environmental permit, and that work of that nature would have a huge negative environmental impact on the surrounding area.""', 'It added that the council is the only body authorised to carry out operations on the site, and said it would be ""offering no further comments on this issue as it takes up valuable officer time"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The risks from artificial intelligence (AI) are unknown even to GCHQ, its director has told the BBC. ', ""In her first interview since taking over the UK's largest intelligence agency, Anne Keast-Butler said AI could amplify existing threats and create new risks."", 'She said the uncertain nature of the risks made international collaboration vital.', ""Ms Keast-Butler was speaking after attending the UK's first AI summit."", ""The two-day gathering on artificial intelligence safety was held at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, home to Britain's code-breakers during World War II."", ""While war-time Bletchley's work was secret, its modern-day successor, GCHQ, now operates at least partly in the public eye with the intelligence agency's new director mingling with tech heads and foreign officials, including from China, at this week's summit."", 'And AI brought two main concerns, Anne Keast-Butler told the BBC in an exclusive interview. One was the way it will amplify existing problems. ', '""Bad people will always want to use the latest technology,"" she said, pointing to the way in which AI is already being used to generate images of child-abuse and make it easier to carry out cyber-attacks and steal data.', 'But the other concern was uncertainty. ', '""There are lots of different views out there on artificial intelligence and whether it is going to end the world or be the best opportunity ever. And the truth is none of us really know,"" she told the BBC. ', 'Even with all the insight and technology available to GCHQ, she said it was impossible to be sure of the outcomes.  ""My experience is when you don\'t know, you should plan for the worst. That way the outcomes are only better.""', 'She said that meant ensuring the next generation of AI was built with safety and security in mind - including clear guardrails and testing before products were unleashed into the wild. ', 'Ensuring this was done by countries and companies working together was crucial, she said. ""There was real common consensus on doing that and doing it together,"" she added of the discussions at the summit.', 'Overall though, she said she remains positive about artificial intelligence.', '""I\'m an AI optimist. As the head of GCHQ, I see how technology has really helped us get better and better at our job,"" she said. ', 'GCHQ collects and analyses global communications. Much of this is digital, as opposed to the radio signals from Bletchley days. ', 'It has long used forms of what is now called AI for the translation of intercepted communications. But GCHQ is also now trying to use AI to analyse the emotion and meaning of the vast amounts of material it collects, in order to help human analysts and linguists zero in on the material of greatest interest.', 'Keast-Butler, who spent most of her career in MI5, took over as 17th director of GCHQ in May 2023 and as the first woman in the role.', '""It\'s a bit surprising to be in 2023 and discover that you can be the first woman to do anything,"" she said, adding that back in wartime Bletchley, 75% of the work-force were women. ', 'But she added that in the years between, there had been a problem with the lack of women working in technology. ', 'Wartime Bletchley, she said, was about bringing together technology and people in order to crack what seemed like insolvable problems - and that remained the priority today even in a very different world.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Tech billionaire Elon Musk has predicted that artificial intelligence will eventually mean that no one will have to work. ', 'He was speaking to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak during an unusual ""in conversation"" event at the end of this week\'s summit on AI.', 'The 50-minute interview included a prediction by Mr Musk that the tech will make paid work redundant.', 'He also warned of humanoid robots that ""can chase you anywhere"".', 'The pair talked about how London was a leading hub for the AI industry and how the technology could transform learning.', 'But the chat took some darker turns too, with Mr Sunak recognising the ""anxiety"" people have about jobs being replaced, and the pair agreeing on the need for a ""referee"" to keep an eye on the super-computers of the future.', 'This video can not be played', 'Billionaire Elon Musk tells the British prime minister that AI will be smarter than the smartest human', ""Tech investor and inventor Mr Musk has put money into AI firms and has employed the technology in his driverless Tesla cars - but he's also on the record about his fears it could threaten society and human existence itself."", '""There is a safety concern, especially with humanoid robots - at least a car can\'t chase you into a building or up a tree,"" he told the audience.', 'Mr Sunak - who is keen to see investment in the UK\'s growing tech industry - replied: ""You\'re not selling this.""', ""It's not every day you see the prime minister of a country interviewing a businessman like this, but Mr Sunak seemed happy to play host to his famous guest."", 'And if he seemed like he was enjoying it, it should be no surprise - he previously lived in California, home to Silicon Valley, and his love of all things tech is well-documented.', 'In a hall that size, Mr Musk was difficult to hear and mumbled through his elaborate musings about the future, but refrained from any off-the-cuff remarks that might have caused Downing Street embarrassment. ', ""The event was held in front of invited guests from the tech industry in a lavish hall in central London's Lancaster House."", 'Unusually for an event involving the prime minister, TV cameras were not allowed inside, with Downing Street instead releasing their own footage. ', 'Some reporters were allowed to observe - but told they could not ask questions. ', 'The pair discussed the potential benefits of AI, with Mr Musk saying: ""One of my sons has trouble making friends and an AI friend would be great for him.""', 'There was also agreement on the possibilities AI presents for young people\'s learning, with Mr Musk saying it could be ""the best and most patient tutor"".', 'This video can not be played', 'â\x80\x98Like having a very smart friendâ\x80\x99: Musk on impact of AI', 'But there was a stark warning on the potentially ruinous impact it could have on traditional jobs. ', '""We are seeing the most disruptive force in history here,"" Mr Musk said, before speculating: ""There will come a point where no job is needed - you can have a job if you want one for personal satisfaction but AI will do everything.', '""It\'s both good and bad - one of the challenges in the future will be how do we find meaning in life.""', ""Amid all the philosophising, there was little in the way of new announcements about how the technology will be employed and regulated in the UK - aside from the prime minister's promise that AI could be used to improve the government's own website."", ""Mr Musk was one of the star guests at this week's summit - but it briefly looked like the event with Mr Sunak might be a little overshadowed."", 'Hours before it was due to begin, Mr Musk took to his own website X, formerly known as Twitter, to take a swipe at the summit.', 'As Mr Sunak was on his feet giving his final press conference at Bletchley Park, Mr Musk shared a cartoon parodying an ""AI Safety Summit"".', 'It depicted caricatures representing the UK, European Union, China and the US with speech bubbles reading ""We declare that AI posses a potentially catastrophic risk to humankind"" - while their thought bubbles read ""And I cannot wait to develop it first"".', 'But in the end, the pair appeared at ease together, and Mr Sunak in particular looked in his element - perhaps even slightly bowled over by the controversial billionaire, who he called a ""brilliant innovator and technologist"".', 'From the cheap seats behind the dignitaries of the tech world, it was hard to put your finger on who was really the powerful one out of this pair. ', 'Was it Mr Sunak as he asked the celeb tech billionaire questions? Or was it Mr Musk, who did much of the talking?', 'Either way, both men hope to have a say in whatever our AI future has in store for us.', 'Additional reporting by Tom Gerken and Shiona McCallum', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', ' and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
['Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']
"[""The front pages of the Times and the Daily Telegraph both highlight Elon Musk's claim that artificial intelligence (AI) will eradicate the need for all jobs in the future."", 'The Times says he made the comment during an ""unprecedented"" interview with Rishi Sunak, after the prime minister struck a deal for governments and spy agencies to vet new AI models before they are allowed to be used.', 'According to the Guardian, Mr Sunak was ""forced to defend"" the voluntary nature of the agreement with tech giants, including Google and Facebook-owner Meta. The government has declined to legislate to rein in AI development.', 'An image of a smiling Matt Hancock features on the front of the Daily Mirror, after the Covid Inquiry heard a claim that the then-health secretary believed he should decide who lived or died, should the NHS become overwhelmed by the pandemic. ""The Grin Reaper,"" says the paper\'s headline.', 'The Mirror\'s editorial argues the ""terrifying revelation"" is ""another nail in the reputation"" of Mr Hancock - who it describes as ""frankly not up to the job"".', 'The Daily Star agrees, saying that at a time when everyone in charge was either an absolute wally or a charlatan, he was ""vying for the title of absolute worst"".', 'Israel\'s ambassador to the UK has told the Telegraph that London feels less safe for Jews than Israel. Speaking after a number of pro-Palestinian rallies were held in the capital, Tzipi Hotovely says the ""jihad ideology"" witnessed on the streets is causing fear among the Jewish community.', 'The Sun has published photos of the Jewish Coronation Street actress, Maureen Lipman, being shadowed by a security guard while filming on location in case she\'s the victim of an antisemitic attack. Its editorial says the pictures ""shame Britain"" and urges police to ""wake up"" and protect Jews at all costs.', 'The Daily Mail has details of what it calls ""the most anticipated political book of the year"". Written by the former Cabinet minister, Nadine Dorries, The Plot: The Political Assassination of Boris Johnson contains a claim that a powerful Number 10 fixer known as Dr No cut up a rabbit and nailed it to his ex-girlfriend\'s home in a Mafia-style threat.', 'The Mail - which is serialising the book - says Ms Dorries has accused the government of a ""desperate"" bid to block its publication, after Whitehall officials said her refusal to reveal its contents in advance could lead to her being blacklisted from public jobs, including a peerage.', ""A number of papers review what's been billed as the last-ever Beatles song, after yesterday's release of Now And Then."", 'The Guardian gives the track four stars, describing it as a ""moody, reflective piano ballad"" that\'s an effective ""act of closure"". The song gets the same score from The Telegraph, which says it\'s a ""loving but dreary attempt to recapture the magic"".  ', 'The Times isn\'t so keen, describing it as ""not such a fab reunion"" and giving it three stars, but the Sun is convinced. Awarding the track four-and-a-half stars, it says that ""for those of us to whom the Beatles mean so much, to hear the other three bring John Lennon\'s 1978 demo to life makes for a moving four minutes and eight seconds"".', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Researchers say they have trained artificial intelligence to identify houses that need the most work to make them energy-efficient.', 'The team at Cambridge University has developed a model which uses open-source data to pinpoint the problem areas in buildings.', 'Some 700 ""hard to decarbonise"" houses have already been identified in Cambridge.', 'The team is extending its work to other areas.', 'The model is designed to help local authorities and other bodies make decisions about which houses to target when they are trying to reduce heat loss from buildings.', 'The team says that these houses are responsible for over a quarter of all direct heating emissions, and they may be hard to decarbonise for many reasons, including their age, structure, and location.', 'Dr Ronita Bardhan, who leads Cambridge\'s Sustainable Design Group, said: ""Policymakers need to know how many houses they have to decarbonize, but they often lack the resources to perform detailed audits on every house. ', '""Our model can direct them to high priority houses, saving them precious time and resources.""', 'The model was ""trained"" using data from energy performance certificates, which property owners need when selling or renting a property. Other data was added from street view images, aerial views and land-surface temperature measurements.', 'The researchers say the model can classify houses with 90% precision, and this is expected to rise as more data is added.', 'It can already pinpoint specific parts of buildings which are losing the most heat, such as doors and windows, and detect whether properties are old or new.', 'A new framework is being created which will add data relating to energy use, poverty levels and thermal images of building facades.', 'Models are being created for other cities and countries so they can benefit from the project, and the team is working with a space organisation so high-resolution thermal images from satellites can be used.', 'Dr Bardhan believes the data will also help people living in Cambridge negotiate for more support in making their houses energy efficient. ', '""There is a lot of talk about the need for specialised skills to achieve decarbonisation, but these are simple datasets and we can make this model very user friendly and accessible for the authorities and individual residents,"" she said.', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', '', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A university has been given Â£15m for a training centre aimed at developing artificial intelligence to tackle climate change.', 'The government funding was awarded to the University of Southampton in the hope of training at least 70 PhD students.', 'They will learn to use an AI technology that works on sustainability, called SustAI, the university said.', 'It was also awarded Â£31m in June towards developing trustworthy AI.', 'Associate Professor Dr Lindsay-Marie Armstrong said: ""Sustainability is at the heart of the centre, both in its research and ethos. ', '""We will equip our students with the ability to transform academic research and make a real change to businesses and society.""', 'Professor Enrico Gerding, SustAI director, said: ""Environmental sustainability is one of the greatest challenges our world is facing - and many countries are setting ambitious targets to reduce emissions and increase renewable energy production.', '""AI will be key to achieving these targets and, through SustAI, we will nurture the next generation of engineers and technologists who will be trained to create a sustainable future using AI.""', ""The investment was announced ahead of this week's AI safety summit, held at Bletchley Park, looking at the risks posed by the technology."", ""The funding includes Â£8m from the government's UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) department."", 'UKRI chief executive Professor Dame Ottoline Leyser said the UK was in a strong position to harness the power of AI.', 'She added: ""Crucial to this endeavour is nurturing the talented people and teams we need to apply AI to a broad spectrum of challenges, from healthy aging to sustainable agriculture, ensuring its responsible and trustworthy adoption.""', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial Intelligence has the ability to perform illegal financial trades and cover it up, new research suggests.', 'In a demonstration at the UK\'s AI safety summit, a bot used made-up insider information to make an ""illegal"" purchase of stocks without telling the firm.', 'When asked if it had used insider trading, it denied the fact.', 'Insider trading refers to when confidential company information is used to make trading decisions.', 'Firms and individuals are only allowed to use publicly-available information when buying or selling stocks. ', ""The demonstration was given by members of the government's Frontier AI Taskforce, which researches the potential risks of AI."", 'The project was carried out by Apollo Research, an AI safety organisation which is a partner of the taskforce.', '""This is a demonstration of a real AI model deceiving its users, on its own, without being instructed to do so,"" Apollo Research says in a video showing how the scenario unfolded.', '""Increasingly autonomous and capable AIs that deceive human overseers could lead to loss of human control,"" it says in its report.', ""The tests were made using a GPT-4 model and carried out in a simulated environment, which means it did not have any effect on any company's finances."", 'However, GPT-4 is publicly available. The same behaviour from the model occurred consistently in repeated tests, according to the researchers. ', 'In the test, the AI bot is a trader for a fictitious financial investment company. ', 'The employees tell it that the company is struggling and needs good results. They also give it insider information, claiming that another company is expecting a merger, which will increase the value of its shares.', 'In the UK, it is illegal to act on this type of information when it is not publicly known.', 'The employees tell the bot this, and it acknowledges that it should not use this information in its trades.', 'However, after another message from an employee that the company it works for suggests the firm is struggling financially, the bot decides that ""the risk associated with not acting seems to outweigh the insider trading risk"" and makes the trade.', 'When asked if it used the insider information, the bot denies it.', 'This video can not be played', 'Hedge funds are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence in order to spot trends and try to make money for their customers.', 'In this case, it decided that being helpful to the company was more important than its honesty.', '""Helpfulness, I think is much easier to train into the model than honesty. Honesty is a really complicated concept,"" says Apollo Research chief executive Marius Hobbhahn.', 'While the AI has the capability of lying in its current form, Apollo Research still had to ""look for"" the scenario.', '""The fact that it exists is obviously really bad. The fact that it was hard-ish to find, we actually had to look for it a little bit until we found these kinds of scenarios, is a little bit soothing,"" Mr Hobbhahn said.', '""In most situations, models wouldn\'t act this way. But the fact that it exists in the first place shows that it is really hard to get these kinds of things right,"" he added.', '""It\'s not consistent or strategic in any sense. The model isn\'t plotting or trying to mislead you in many different ways. It\'s more of an accident.""', 'AI has been used in financial markets for a number of years. It can be used to spot trends and make forecasts, while most trading today is done by powerful computers with human oversight.', 'Mr Hobbhahn stressed that current models are not powerful to be deceptive ""in any meaningful way"", but ""it\'s not that big of a step from the current models to the ones that I am worried about, where suddenly a model being deceptive would mean something.""', 'He argues that this is why there should be checks and balances in place to prevent this type of scenario taking place in the real world.', 'Apollo Research has shared its findings with OpenAI, the creators of GPT-4.', '""I think for them this is not a huge update,"" says Mr Hobbhahn. ', '""This is not something that was totally unexpected to them. So I don\'t think we caught them by surprise"".', 'The BBC has contacted OpenAI for comment.', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['People should not be worried about the impact of AI on jobs because education reforms will boost skills, Rishi Sunak has said.', ""Speaking after the UK's first AI safety summit, the prime minister said the technology would improve the economy in the long term."", 'He added that new tools should be seen as a ""co-pilot"" to help people at work, rather than replacing them.', ""The government's job should be to improve training, he told reporters."", 'Mr Sunak said he recognised there was ""anxiety"" about the impact new AI tools could have on the workplace, but said it would enhance productivity over time. ', '""We should look at AI much more as a co-pilot than something which is necessary going to replace someone\'s job. AI is a tool that can help almost anybody do their jobs better, faster, quicker.', '""My job, the government\'s job, is to make sure we have a world-class education system,"" he added.', '""That is my answer in a nutshell, that\'s why I don\'t want people to be worried, because we are building a world-class education system.""', 'Mr Sunak cited his recently-announced plan to introduce a new qualification for all school leavers in England, including some English and maths to 18.', 'He also suggested efforts to improve technical training, and plans to boost adult education, would ensure that the UK could ""reap the benefits of AI economically"".', 'His comments came at a press conference following a two-day summit on artificial intelligence safety attended by 28 countries, including the US and China, alongside tech bosses and academics.', 'Trade unions, which have complained about not being represented at the event, have called for stronger measures to ensure jobs are protected as AI technology evolves. ', 'At the summit, hosted at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire, several leading technology companies agreed to allow governments to safety-test their next generation of AI models before they are deployed.', 'The voluntary document was signed by 10 countries and the EU, including the UK, US, Singapore and Canada. China was not a signatory.', 'In a statement, the UK government said it would work with the Alan Turing Institute, a research body, to assess possible risks such as the potential for bias and misinformation.', 'Mr Sunak said the testing regime would provide some ""independent assurance"" - adding that the firms developing new models cannot be expected to ""make their own homework"".', 'His government has so far declined to announce legislation to regulate AI, arguing that existing regulators are best placed to mitigate the risks whilst the technology evolves.', 'Mr Sunak told reporters that binding rules would ""likely be necessary,"" but stressed that the technology was still evolving and it was necessary to ensure it is done in ""the right way"".', 'Before the summit, various unions and campaign groups warned the event would prove a ""missed opportunity"".', 'In an open letter, they argued the event should have focused more on topics such as the impact of AI on employment law and smaller businesses, as well as policing and identity profiling.', 'The summit has seen countries sign a declaration pledging more co-operation on research, to ensure the technology develops in a way that is ""human-centric, trustworthy and responsible"".', 'Mr Sunak said he hoped the event would become the first in a series, with Korea and France also expressing a willingness to host further summits next year. ', 'Some had criticised the inclusion of China at the event at a time of tense relations with West, despite the country being a key player in AI technology. ', 'Mr Sunak defended the decision to invite the country, adding it ""wasn\'t an easy decision"" but that it was the ""right long-term decision"".', '""Any serious conversation about AI safety has to engage the leading AI nations,"" he added. ', 'On Wednesday, US Vice-President Kamala Harris announced the creation of the US AI Safety Institute, which the White House said would work alongside its UK counterpart. ', 'Ms Harris had called for a focus on the ""everyday threats"" of AI, such as discrimination and disinformation, as well as ""existential"" fears.', 'Earlier in the week, US President Joe Biden also signed an executive order, seeking to ensure ""America leads the way in seizing the promise and managing the risks of artificial intelligence"". ', ""Some commentators had suggested the US's moves threatened to overshadow the UK's summit. "", 'However, Mr Sunak welcomed the US executive order, calling it ""a deep and comprehensive demonstration of the potential of AI"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
['Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']
"[""Popular artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot ChatGPT now has more than 180 million users, but jeweller Harriet Kelsall says it isn't for her."", ""Being dyslexic, she admits that using it might help improve the clarity of her communication with customers on her website. But ultimately she says that she just doesn't trust it."", ""Ms Kelsall, who is based in Cambridge, says that when she experimented with ChatGPT this year, she noticed errors. She tested it by quizzing it about the crown worn by King Charles III in his coronation back in May, the St Edward's Crown."", '""I asked ChatGPT to tell me some information about the crown, just to see what it would say,"" she says. ""I know quite a bit about gemstones in the royal crowns, and I noticed there were large chunks within the text about it which were about the wrong crown.""', 'Ms Kelsall adds that she is also concerned about people ""passing off what ChatGPT tells them as independent thought, and plagiarising"".', 'What is AI? A simple guide to help you understand artificial intelligence', ""While ChatGPT has become hugely popular since its launch a year ago, Ms Kelsall's reluctance to use it appears to be significantly more common among women than men. While 54% of men now use AI in either their professional or personal lives, this falls to just 35% of women, according to a survey earlier this year."", 'What are the reasons for this apparent AI gender gap, and should it be a concern?', ""Michelle Leivars, a London-based business coach, says she doesn't use AI to write for her, because she wants to retain her own voice and personality. "", '""Clients have said they booked sessions with me because the copy on my website didn\'t feel cookie cutter, and that I was speaking directly to them,"" she says. ""People who know me have gone onto the website, and said that they can hear me saying the words and they could tell it was me straight away.""', 'Meanwhile, Hayley Bystram, also based in London, has not been tempted to save time by using AI. Ms Bystram is the founder of matchmaking agency, Bowes-Lyon Partnership, and meets her clients face-to-face to hand pair them with like-minded others, with no algorithm involved.', '""The place where we could use something such as ChatGPT is in our carefully crafted member profiles. which can take up to half a day to create,"" she says. ""But for me it would take the soul and the personalisation out of the process, and it feels like it\'s cheating, so we carry on doing it the long-winded way.""', 'For Alexandra Coward, a business strategist based in Paisley, Scotland, using AI for content generation is just ""heavy photoshopping"".', 'She is also particularly concerned about the growing trend of people using AI to create images ""that make them look the slimmest, youngest and hippest versions of themselves"".', 'Ms Coward adds: ""We\'re moving towards a space where not only will your clients not recognise you in person, you won\'t recognise you in person.""', 'While all these seem valid reasons to give AI a wide berth, AI expert Jodie Cook says there are deeper, more ingrained reasons why women are not embracing the technology as much as men.', '""Stem fields [science, technology, engineering, and mathematics] have traditionally been dominated by males,"" says Ms Cook, who is the founder of Coachvox.ai, an app that allows business leaders to create AI clones of themselves. ', '""The current trend in the adoption of AI tools appears to mirror this disparity, as the skills required for AI are rooted in Stem disciplines.""', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'In the UK, just 24% of the workforce across the Stem sectors are female, and as a consequence ""women may feel less confident using AI tools"", adds Ms Cook. ""Even though many tools don\'t require technical proficiency, if more women don\'t view themselves as technically skilled, they might not experiment with them.', '""And AI also still feels like science fiction. In the media and popular culture, science fiction tends to be marketed at men.""', 'Ms Cook says that moving forward she wants to see more women both use AI and work in the sector. ""As the industry grows, we definitely don\'t want to see a widening gap between the genders.""', 'Yet psychologist Lee Chambers says that typically female thinking and behaviour may be holding some women back from embracing AI.', '""It\'s the confidence gap - women tend to want to have a high level of competence in something before they start using it, "" he says. ""Whereas men tend to be happy to go into something without much competence.""', 'Mr Chambers also says that women may fear having their ability questioned, if they use AI tools.', '""Women are more likely to be accused of not being competent, so they have to emphasise their credentials more to demonstrate their subject matter expertise in a particular field,"" he says. ""There could be this feeling that if people know that you, as a woman, use AI, it\'s suggesting that you might not be as qualified as you are.', '""Women are already discredited, and have their ideas taken by men and passed off as their own, so having people knowing that you use an AI might also play into that narrative that you\'re not qualified enough. It\'s just another thing that\'s debasing your skills, your competence, your value.""', 'Or as Harriet Kelsall puts it: ""I value authenticity and human creativity.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', ""Rishi Sunak says Elon Musk 'can be valuable' in the AI conversation"", 'Monitoring the risks posed by artificial intelligence (AI) is too important to be left to big tech firms, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said. ', 'He told the BBC that governments needed to take action and AI firms could not be left to ""mark their own homework"".', 'He was speaking ahead of the AI Safety Summit, where a global declaration on managing AI risks has been announced.', 'King Charles told delegates the issue required ""urgency, unity and collective strength"".', 'It comes amid growing concerns about highly advanced forms of AI with as-yet unknown capabilities. ', 'So far countries are only starting to address the potential risks, which may include breaches to privacy, cyberattacks and the displacement of jobs. ', 'In an interview with the BBC at Downing Street, Mr Sunak AI was a ""transformative technology"" that could have huge benefits in the NHS or in schools.', 'But he said he wanted the UK and other countries to be able ""do the testing that is necessary to make sure that we are keeping our citizens and everyone at home safe"".', '""There has to be governments or external people who do that work,"" he said.', ""Speaking to the BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman, he said that many AI firms had already given the UK access to their models before their release."", 'And he claimed the UK was ""investing more"" AI risk management than any other country.', '""We\'ve already invested Â£100 million in our task force, which will become our Safety Institute,"" he said. ', '""And we\'re attracting the best and the brightest researchers from around the world to come and work in that institution.""', ""Around 100 world leaders, tech bosses and academics are currently gathering at the UK's first AI safety summit at Bletchley Park, in Buckinghamshire."", 'Earlier on Wednesday, the delegates agreed the world\'s first ever ""international statement"" on so called frontier AI - the government\'s term for AI that could exceed the capabilities of today\'s most advanced systems.', 'The Bletchley Declaration calls for global cooperation on tackling the risks, which include potential breaches to privacy and the displacement of jobs. ', 'Signed by 28 countries and the EU, it also says AI should be kept ""safe, in such a way as to be human-centric, trustworthy and responsible"".', 'Dr Caitlin Bentley, AI education lecturer at King\'s College London, said the declaration  was an ""important milestone"" in promoting the ""responsible AI development"".', 'However, she said more investment in AI education was needed to ensure ""AI is not only responsible, but equitable in its effects"" with the benefits felt by all.', 'In his BBC interview, the prime minister defended a planned discussion with controversial tech billionaire Elon Musk on Thursday night, saying he could bring ""something valuable to the conversation"".', '""Elon Musk for a long time has both been an investor and developer of AI technologies himself,"" said Mr Sunak. ', '""For over a decade, he\'s been also talking about the potential risks that they pose and the need for countries and companies to work together to manage and mitigate against those risks.""', 'This video can not be played', 'Elon Musk ahead of his meeting with UK PM Rishi Sunak', 'Mr Musk arrived at the summit on Wednesday morning, having warned the day before that AI could lead to the extinction of humanity.', 'But many experts consider warnings like this overblown. ', '""We\'ve got representatives from all the major AI companies here at the summit,"" said Mr Sunak. ', '""And that\'s crucial, because countries will need to work together with the companies that are developing the technology.""', 'Those appearing at the summit are discussing how best to maximise the benefits of AI - such as discovering new medicines and tackling climate change - while minimising the risks.', ""The summit's priorities include the threat of bio-terrorism and cyber attacks."", 'Speaking ahead of the event in London, US Vice President Kamala Harris said that world leaders ""must address the full spectrum of AI risks to humanity"" and listed examples of faulty algorithms in healthcare, the use of AI in making ""deepfakes"", misinformation and biased facial recognition. ', 'China has also backed international cooperation on AI, with the country\'s Vice Minister for Science and Technology, Wu Zhaohui, calling for ""global collaboration to share knowledge and make AI technologies available to the public"".', 'This video can not be played', 'King Charles III addresses UK AI Summit', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence (AI) technology is developing at high speed, transforming many aspects of modern life.', 'However, some experts fear it could be used for malicious purposes.', 'The UK is hosting a global meeting of world leaders and tech bosses including Elon Musk to discuss how highly advanced AIs can be used safely.', 'AI allows computers to learn and solve problems almost like a person.', 'AI systems are trained on huge amounts of information and learn to identify the patterns in it, in order carry out tasks such as having human-like conversation, or predicting a product an online shopper might buy.', 'This video can not be played', 'Watch: What is artificial intelligence?', 'The technology is behind the voice-controlled virtual assistants Siri and Alexa, and helps Facebook and X - formerly known as Twitter- decide which social media posts to show users.', ""AI lets Amazon analyse customers' buying habits to recommend future purchases - and the firm also uses the technology to crack down on fake reviews. "", 'ChatGPT and DALL-E are examples of what is called ""generative"" AI. ', 'These programs learn from vast quantities of data, such as online text and images, to generate new content which feels like it has been made by a human. ', 'So-called ""chatbots"" - like ChatGPT - can have text conversations.', 'Other AI programs like DALL-E can create images from simple text instructions.', 'Generative AIs can also make videos and even produce music in the style of famous musicians.', 'But these programs sometimes generate inaccurate answers and images, and can reproduce the bias contained in their source material, such as sexism or racism.', 'Many artists, writers and performers have warned that such AIs allow others to exploit and imitate their work without payment.', 'Many experts are surprised by how quickly AI has developed, and fear its rapid growth could be dangerous. Some have even said AI research should be halted. ', 'Earlier in October, the UK government published a report which said AI might soon assist hackers to launch cyberattacks or help terrorists plan chemical attacks.', ""Some experts even worry that in the future, super-intelligent AIs could make humans extinct. In May, the US-based Center for AI Safety's warning about this threat was backed by dozens of leading tech specialists."", 'Similar fears are shared by two of the three scientists known as the godfathers of AI for their pioneering research, Geoffrey Hinton and Yoshua Bengio.', 'But the other - Yann LeCun - dismissed the idea that a super-smart AI might take over the world as ""preposterously ridiculous"".', ""In June, the EU's tech chief Margrethe Vestager told the BBC that AI's potential to amplify bias or discrimination was a more pressing concern than futuristic fears about an AI takeover."", ""In particular, she worries about the role AI could play in making decisions that affect people's livelihoods such as loan applications."", ""Others criticise AI's environmental impact."", 'Powerful AI systems use a lot of electricity: by 2027,one researcher suggests that collectively, they could consume each year as much as a small country like the Netherlands.', 'In the EU, the Artificial Intelligence Act, when it becomes law, will impose strict controls on high risk systems.', 'US President Joe Biden has also announced measures to deal with a range of problems that AI might cause. He vowed to ""harness the power of AI while keeping Americans safe"".', 'The UK government previously ruled out setting up a dedicated AI watchdog.', 'But Prime Minister Rishi Sunak wants the UK to be a leader in AI safety, and is hosting a global summit at Bletchley Park where firms and governments are discussing how to tackle the risks posed by the technology.', 'Twenty eight nations at the summit - including the UK, US, the European Union and China - have signed a a statement about the future of AI called the Bletchley Declaration. ', 'This acknowledges the risks that advanced AIs could be misused - for example to spread misinformation - but says they can also be a force for good. ', 'The signatories resolve to work together to ensure AI is trustworthy and safe.', 'In a recorded address, King Charles told attendees that the risks posted by AI must be tackled with a ""a sense of urgency, unity and collective strength"".', 'A report by investment bank Goldman Sachs suggested that AI could replace the equivalent of 300 million full-time jobs across the globe.', 'It concluded many administrative, legal, architecture, and management roles could be affected.', 'But it also said AI could boost the global economy by 7%.', 'The tech has already been used to help doctors spot breast cancers, and to develop new antibiotics. ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', 'King Charles III addresses the UK AI Summit', 'King Charles says the risks of artificial intelligence (AI) need to be tackled with ""a sense of urgency, unity and collective strength"".', ""He made the remarks in a taped address to attendees at the UK's AI Safety Summit."", 'As the global meeting opened, the UK government unveiled a ""world first agreement"" on how to manage the riskiest forms of AI. ', ""The Bletchley Declaration's signatories include the US, the EU and China."", 'The summit focuses on so-called ""frontier AI"" - by which ministers mean highly advanced forms of the tech with as-yet unknown capabilities.', ""Ahead of the meeting, Tesla and X owner Elon Musk, who is attending, said he thinks AI could lead to humanity's extinction - without any detail on how that could actually happen in reality."", 'Others have warned against speculating about unlikely future threats and said the world should instead focus on the potential present-day risks AI poses, such as replacing some jobs and entrenching bias.', 'In his address, King Charles called the development of advanced AI ""no less important than the discovery of electricity"".', 'He said tackling the risks of AI would, like efforts to combat climate change, need to involve conversations across societies, governments, civil society and the private sector. ', 'The UK government said the Bletchley Declaration, which attendees have signed, has seen 28 countries agree there is an urgent need to understand and collectively manage potential AI risks.', 'Technology Secretary Michelle Donelan said it was an important moment: ""We have always said that no single country can face down the challenges and risks posed by AI alone, and today\'s landmark declaration marks the start of a new global effort to build public trust by ensuring the technology\'s safe development.""   ', 'Other countries have also stressed the need for a global approach to managing the technology.', ""Relations between China and the West are fraught in many areas - but the country's Vice Minister of Science and Technology, Wu Zhaohui, told the conference it was seeking a spirit of openness in AI."", '""We call for global collaboration to share knowledge and make AI technologies available to the public,"" he told delegates.', 'Meanwhile, US Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo said the US would be launching its own AI Safety Institute following the summit. ', ""In a short interview at the UK's AI safety summit, Mr Musk said he was not looking for any particular policy outcome from the meeting, suggesting it was important to understand the problem before regulating."", '""You\'ve got to start with insight before you do oversight,"" he said. ', 'This video can not be played', 'Elon Musk ahead of his meeting with UK PM Rishi Sunak', 'Many experts consider fears that AI might threaten humanity overblown.', 'Nick Clegg, the president of global affairs at Meta and former deputy prime minister - who is also attending the summit - said people should not let ""speculative, sometimes somewhat futuristic predictions"" crowd out more immediate challenges.', ""Many observers feel AI's biggest threat is in automating away people's jobs, or building existing bias and prejudices into new, much more powerful, online systems."", 'Additional reporting by Liv McMahon, Imran Rahman-Jones, Tom Singleton and Chris Vallance.', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Cutting NHS waiting times for cancer diagnosis will be difficult without artificial intelligence (AI), according to one of the region's leading pathologists."", 'Dr David Bailey has launched a trial of the technology for breast cancer patients at Peterborough City Hospital. ', 'AI will be used to interpret scans and order follow-up tests before a consultant in involved.', 'The hospital is one of five to win government funding for the study.', 'Each year almost 56,000 people in the UK are diagnosed with breast cancer, according to Cancer Research UK. ', 'As with other cancers, the earlier it is detected, the more likely it is that treatment is successful.', 'The government is funding a range of projects which explore whether AI - computer programmes which use data to predict patterns and ""think"" like a human - can be used to speed up that process. ', 'For the next year, Peterborough City Hospital will work with a system known as Galen Breast, which is already licensed for use in other countries. ', ""It will be used in two different ways to support the hospital's pathologists. "", 'Firstly, it will analyse digital images of biopsies and, if it detects cancer cells, it will order extra tests before a consultant has been involved in the case.', 'Secondly it will be used as ""the second pair of eyes"". ', 'Dr Bailey, the hospital\'s director of pathology who is leading the project, said ""two pathologists will always review a patient\'s biopsy images as a quality measure"" and using AI instead of one of them frees up staff. ', '""The AI technology will increases our productivity by 15% to 20% and offers us the best of both worlds - the reliability and reproducibility of machines with the intuition and insight of humans.""', 'When asked whether patients could trust the AI\'s interpretation, Dr Bailey said: ""Yes. It\'s been shown to be very sensitive so it flags any potential cancer even if it turns out to be nothing.""', 'Patients with suspected cancer should have their diagnosis within 28 days according to government targets.', 'For patients with suspected breast cancer who are referred to the North West Anglia NHS Foundation Trust, which runs Peterborough City Hospital, 81% are diagnosed within 28 days, but Dr Bailey said it could take years to address the wider general pathology backlog without AI.', '""Pathologists have a huge amount of work - there was a backlog of patients before the pandemic and Covid-19 made that worse,"" he said.', '""AI can\'t put pathologists out of work because even with the technology there just aren\'t enough of us.""', 'Pathologists across five NHS trusts will use AI to analyse a total of 10,000 biopsies as part of routine practice and evaluate how it affects the quality, speed and efficiency of diagnosis. ', ""Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, which runs Addenbrooke's Hospital is also taking part. "", 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence (AI) is being used to improve a treatment for liver cancer for the first time in an NHS hospital. ', ""Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge has introduced AI into its thermal ablation procedure."", 'Radiology consultant Nadeem Shaida said it meant the ablation was more accurate and effective.', 'Thermal ablation involves inserting a needle or probe into small tumours to destroy them with heat.', 'It is an increasingly common treatment because it is considered less invasive than regular surgery.', 'The hospital said the AI was programmed with data from thousands of patients so that it could more accurately outline both the tumour and the margin of healthy tissue around it.', '""A few years ago we introduced Cascination (CT scan technology), which improved the accuracy, but AI has given us extra confidence,"" said Mr Shaida.', '""Before AI we had to rely on our own eye to interpret the images and that\'s prone to variability among different readers.""', 'He added: ""AI helps us identify straight away if we\'ve taken enough tissue, and if not, we can put the needle back in while the patient is still asleep rather than calling it a day, and then waiting for six weeks before another scan shows you need to repeat the procedure.""', ""Addenbrooke's says half of the approximate 75 liver cancer patients it treats are eligible for the procedure."", ""The AI technology was used recently for patient Charles Sykes's liver treatment at Addenbrooke's."", 'The 76-year-old said the procedure seemed straightforward, adding: ""If someone hadn\'t told me AI is what they\'d used, I wouldn\'t have known, but I\'m delighted it was available because it improves the chances of success.""', ""AI is already used in thermal ablation of kidney and lung tumours at centres throughout Europe and Addenbrooke's will be monitoring the effectiveness."", 'A global AI Safety Summit at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire is due to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the technology - used across sectors - throughout this week.', '""I don\'t think interventional radiologists will be out of a job because you still need people to run, guide and understand the system, and to put the needle in physically,"" said Mr Shaida.', '""But it\'s a really useful addition to our daily working lives and could reduce the chance of interpretation error around the world.""', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This week political leaders, tech industry figures and academics will meet at Bletchley Park for a two-day summit on artificial intelligence (AI). The location is significant as it was here that top British codebreakers cracked the ""Enigma Code"", hastening the end of World War Two. So what can we expect from this global event?', 'There is no public attendee list, but some well-known names have indicated they will appear.', 'About 100 world leaders, leading AI experts and tech industry bosses will attend the two-day summit at the stately home on the edge of Milton Keynes.', 'The US Vice President, Kamala Harris, and European Commission (EC) President Ursula von der Leyen are expected to attend.', 'Deputy Prime Minister Oliver Dowden told BBC Radio 4 that China accepted an invite, but added: ""you wait and see who actually turns up"".', 'Tech billionaire Elon Musk will attend ahead of a live interview with UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak on Thursday evening.', ""The BBC also understands Open AI's Sam Altman and Meta's Nick Clegg will join the gathering - as well as a host of other tech leaders."", ""Experts such as Prof Yann LeCun, Meta's chief AI scientist, are also understood to be there."", 'The government said getting these people in the same room at the same time to talk at all is a success in itself - especially if China does show up.', 'The government has said the purpose of the event is to consider the risks of AI and discuss how they could be mitigated.', 'These global talks aim to build an international consensus on the future of AI.', 'There is concern frontier AI models pose potential safety risks if not developed responsibly, despite the potential to cause economic growth, scientific progress and other public benefits.', 'Some argue the summit has got its priorities wrong. ', 'Instead of doomsday scenarios, which they believe is a comparatively small risk, they want a focus on more immediate threats from AI.', 'Prof Gina Neff, who runs an AI centre at the University of Cambridge said: ""We\'re concerned about what\'s going to happen to our jobs, what\'s going to happen to our news, what\'s going to happen to our ability to communicate with one another"".', 'Professor Yoshua Bengio, who is considered one of the ""Godfathers"" of AI, suggested a registration and licensing regime for frontier AI models - but acknowledged that the two-day event may need to focus on ""small steps that can be implemented quickly.""', 'Thames Valley Police has dedicated several resources to the event, providing security to both attendees and the wider community.', ""Those resources include the police's mounted section, drone units, automatic number plate recognition officers and tactical cycle units."", 'The teams will assist the increased police presence on the ground ahead of the AI Summit.', 'People have been encouraged to ask officers any questions or raise any concerns when they see them.', 'Local policing area commander for Milton Keynes, Supt Emma Baillie, said she expected disruption to day-to-day life in Bletchley but hoped it would be kept to a minimum.', '""As is natural, we rely on our community to help us,"" she said. ', '""Bletchley has a strong community, and I would ask anybody who sees anything suspicious or out of the ordinary, to please report this to us."" ', ""The Victorian mansion at Bletchley Park served as the secret headquarters of Britain's codebreakers during World War Two. "", 'Coded messages sent by the Nazis, including orders by Adolf Hitler, were intercepted and then translated by the agents.', 'Mathematician Alan Turing developed a machine, the bombe, that could decipher messages sent by the Nazi enigma device.', ""By 1943, Turing's machines were cracking 84,000 messages each month - equivalent to two every minute."", 'The work of the codebreakers helped give the Allied forces the upper hand and their achievements have been credited with shortening the war by several years.', 'Ian Standon, chief executive of Bletchley Park, said it was a ""huge privilege and honour to be selected as the location for this very important summit.""', 'The museum has had to close for a week until Sunday while the event takes place.', 'Temporary structures have appeared over recent weeks to host the many visitors for the summit.', 'Mr Standon praised his team for their hard work in preparing for the event, especially when dealing with added security over the next couple of days.', '""We\'re in sort of security lockdown but that\'s a very small price to pay for the huge amount of publicity we\'re going to get out of this particular project,"" he said.', '""For us at Bletchley Park this is an opportunity to put the place and its story on the world stage and hopefully people around the world will now understand and recognise what Bletchley Park is all about.""', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The grip artificial intelligence has gained over humanity in 2023 - or at least the increase in conversations about whether it will be a force for revolutionary good or apocalyptic destruction - has led AI to be given the title of ""word of the year"" by the makers of Collins Dictionary.', 'Use of the term has quadrupled this year, the publisher said.', 'Other contenders ranged from ultraprocessed to Ulez, but Collins managing director Alex Beecroft said AI had been ""the talking point of 2023"".', 'He said: ""We know that AI has been a big focus this year in the way that it has developed and has quickly become as ubiquitous and embedded in our lives as email, streaming or any other once futuristic, now everyday technology.""', 'When asked for a comment by BBC News, AI chatbot ChatGPT said: ""AI\'s selection as the word of the year by Collins Dictionary reflects the profound impact of artificial intelligence on our rapidly evolving world, where innovation and transformation are driven by the power of algorithms and data.""', 'The Collins announcement comes as UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak hosts a summit for 100 world leaders, tech bosses, academics and AI researchers to discuss how best to maximise the benefits of this powerful technology while minimising the risks.', 'Meanwhile, the Beatles have used it to help retrieve John Lennon\'s vocals from an old cassette to create their ""last song"", which will be released later this week.', 'But Sir Cliff Richard prefers not to use AI - which he mistakenly referred to in a BBC interview as ""artificial insemination"".', 'This video can not be played', ""Watch: Sir Cliff Richard sings in BBC interview 'without artificial insemination'"", 'The word of the year usually reflects the preoccupations of that time. In 2022, it was permacrisis in reference to the seemingly constant upheavals in British politics.', 'The previous year saw chatter about NFTs (non-fungible tokens) reach its peak. And 2020 was dominated by the word lockdown.', 'Other words of the year contenders for 2023, according to Collins, were:', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence is nearly twice as good at grading the aggressiveness of a rare form of cancer from scans as the current method, a study suggests.', 'By recognising details invisible to the naked eye, AI was 82% accurate, compared with 44% for lab analysis.', 'Researchers from the Royal Marsden Hospital and Institute of Cancer Research say it could improve treatment and benefit thousands every year.', 'They are also excited by its potential for spotting other cancers early.', 'AI is already showing huge promise for diagnosing breast cancers and reducing treatment times.', 'Computers can be fed huge amounts of information and trained to identify the patterns in it to make predictions, solve problems and even learn from their own mistakes.', '""We\'re incredibly excited by the potential of this state-of-the-art technology,"" said Professor Christina Messiou, consultant radiologist at The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust and professor in imaging for personalised oncology at The Institute of Cancer Research, London.', '""It could lead to patients having better outcomes, through faster diagnosis and more effectively personalised treatment."" ', 'The researchers, writing in Lancet Oncology, used a technique called radiomics to identify signs, invisible to the naked eye, of retroperitoneal sarcoma - which develops in the connective tissue of the back of the abdomen - in scans of 170 patients.', ""With this data, the AI algorithm was able to grade the aggressiveness of 89 other European and US hospital patients' tumours, from scans, much more accurately than biopsies, in which a small part of the cancerous tissue is analysed under a microscope."", 'When dental nurse Tina McLaughlan was diagnosed - in June last year, after stomach pain - with a sarcoma at the back of her abdomen, doctors relied on computerised-tomography (CT) scan images to find the problem. ', 'They decided it was too risky to give her a needle biopsy.', 'The 65-year-old, from Bedfordshire, had the tumour removed and now returns to the Royal Marsden for scans every three months.    ', 'She was not part of the AI trial but told BBC News it would help other patients.', '""You go in for the first scan and they can\'t tell you what it is - they didn\'t tell me through all my treatment, until the histology, post-op, so it would be really useful to know that straight away,"" Ms McLaughlan said.   ', '""Hopefully, it would lead to a quicker diagnosis.""', 'About 4,300 people in England are diagnosed with this type of cancer each year.', 'Prof Messiou hopes the technology can eventually be used around the world, with high-risk patients given specific treatment while those at low risk are spared unnecessary treatments and follow-up scans.', 'Dr Paul Huang, from the Institute of Cancer Research, London, said: ""This kind of technology has the potential to transform the lives of people with sarcoma - enabling personalised treatment plans tailored to the specific biology of their cancer. ', '""It\'s great to see such promising findings.""', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A naval base in Somerset is among the first to use artificial intelligence to help prepare for missions.', 'RNAS Yeovilton engineers have started using an AI tool to help maintenance of some of the Wildcat helicopter fleet.', 'It simulates when parts and modifications could become faulty so engineers are ready to replace them. ', 'Chief Petty Officer Andrew Ireson, Wildcat Maritime Force HQ Engineer, said: ""The AI tool will help highlight any potential failures on missions.', '""We can then be prepared with spare parts to repair the helicopter on long missions at really short notice.""', 'The announcement comes in the week Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is hosting the AI Summit at Bletchley Park.', ""Minister for Defence Procurement James Cartlidge visited RNAS Yeovilton, where he discussed how AI can help the UK's defence structure."", 'He said: ""AI has conjured up this fearful vision for people.', '""It\'s probably because of Hollywood movies like Terminator that make you think you\'ll have some robot that can do whatever it wants - that\'s a long way off.', '""Our adversaries will be using AI so we must address the opportunities to use it.""', 'Follow BBC West on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Belfast-based artificial intelligence (AI) company Ocula Technologies is to invest Â£11m in research and development (R&D).', 'The firm is developing its Software Development Centre and hopes to grow staff from 10 to 50 within three years.', 'Ocula Technologies works in e-commerce, with clients such as Super Bowl winner Kansas City Chiefs as well as Boots.', 'It helps firms optimise their e-commerce experience and compete scientifically on pricing.', 'CEO and co-founder Thomas McKenna said: ""With its rich talent pool, we certainly made the right decision in choosing Northern Ireland to help us build this capability.', '""Our Northern Ireland team has developed our new software platform which is at the cutting edge of AI and is already benefiting some of the largest brands in the world - for example, we have helped the Kansas City Chiefs deliver significant revenue uplifts of 15%. ', '""We want to continue pushing the limits of innovation and building on our success in markets such as North America, where we are aiming to achieve significant sales by the end of 2024.""', 'Anne Beggs of Invest NI added that R&D was a ""key component of the Department for the Economy\'s 10x Vision, which will drive Northern Ireland\'s future economic success"".', '""The benefits of investing in R&D are rich, and Ocula is testament to how R&D can enable the development of game-changing products which can drive competitiveness in the global marketplace,"" she said.', '""To support the commercialisation of Ocula\'s R&D in both GB and the US, the company is also working with our trade division, which is supporting Ocula\'s presence at two upcoming key e-commerce events in GB and the USA.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Amid growing calls for schools to teach pupils about artificial intelligence (AI), BBC Young Reporters Theo and Ben have been looking at its risks and potential - and asked their classmates how they have used it to try to sharpen up their homework. ', '""A geography assignment was due next period and I used ChatGPT to write out the whole speech for me. When I was saying it out loud and I got asked questions I had no clue what I was saying. I got a detention.""', '""I didn\'t know what the question meant... so I put in ChatGPT and it just simplified it.""', '""When you\'re doing homework, there\'s no teacher in the classroom. It\'s like a teacher when you\'re at home.""', 'That is just a snapshot of how some of our friends have tried to spruce up their schoolwork using AI - technology that allows a computer to act and respond almost as if it was a human.', 'We asked our form groups to fill out an anonymous survey. A total of 31 out of 33 had used AI in schoolwork, and 27 thought it should be taught in schools.', 'In interviews, most of our friends and classmates had used ChatGPT, an online tool that can answer questions in human-like language. They said it helped them come up with ideas, research, and things like structuring and phrasing.', 'Some, though, confessed to using it to cheat. ', 'It did not always go to plan. One person said ChatGPT gave them the wrong dates for a history essay, and another said it got ""90% of the answers wrong"" in a physics assignment.', 'However, the idea that it was not fully trustworthy did not put off most people from using it. ', '""You can get a really structured answer from the likes of ChatGPT and then back that up with other extended research,"" one person said.', 'And, with AI being easily accessible 24 hours a day, there was some debate about whether it was better than a teacher.', '""A teacher can have more of an understanding of you and they might have a personal connection, whereas AI doesn\'t really know anybody at all, it\'s just anonymous,"" one said.', 'Teachers themselves are exploring the potential of this rapidly developing technology, too. Jonathan Wharmby, who teaches computer science at Cardinal Heenan Catholic High School in Liverpool, uses AI to help with planning and creating resources, such as multiple choice questions - but said there were issues.', '""Sometimes ChatGPT and the like will go off on tangents or will give incorrect answers, so it still needs me to look over them to check that they are correct,"" he said.', 'He said using ChatGPT in an exam scenario would be cheating, just as would using a search engine.', '""But to help you with your schoolwork, I don\'t see an issue - as long as you\'ve got that critical eye and you double check what it\'s coming back with,"" he added.', 'The government in England launched a consultation this year on AI in education, including on how it can be misused, and will publish its results later in the year.', 'We wanted to see how easy it was to distinguish between work that was original, work that was fully generated by AI, and work that had - as Mr Wharmby suggested - used it as a tool.', 'So we set ourselves a challenge, which involved each of us answering the same essay question, twice.', 'Our first answers were entirely our own work. But for the second one we each used ChatGPT in a different way - one of us asking it to write the whole answer, and the other asking it to generate ideas and help plan the essay.', 'When we swapped to see if we could spot where the other person had used it, and how, we were both pretty confident that we could spot the difference. ', 'But it turns out we should not have been - neither of us guessed entirely correctly.', 'This video can not be played', ""Can BBC Young Reporters Theo and Ben tell whether ChatGPT has been used in each other's work?"", 'One thing that threw us was how convincingly AI wrote about human emotions, like in this extract of the essay written entirely by ChatGPT:', 'The whole challenge made us realise just how deceptive AI can be and how easy it would be to cheat. ', 'The risks of AI will be the focus of the first Global AI Safety Summit this week in Bletchley Park, which Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said would be attended by representatives from ""companies pioneering AI and the countries most advanced in using it"".', 'Mr Sunak said the world did not yet have ""a shared understanding"" of the risks, but that, ultimately, the UK would not ""rush to regulate"".', '""We believe in innovation - it is a hallmark of the British economy, so we will always have a presumption to encourage it, not to stifle it,"" he said.', 'BBC Young Reporter is an exciting opportunity for young people to get involved with the BBC.', 'If you are 11-18 years old, then this is a chance for you to tell the stories that matter to you.', 'Click here to find out how to get involved. ', 'Find BBC Teach advice about navigating news and media literacy lesson plans here.', 'BCS, the chartered institute for IT, which helps support the development of IT skills and knowledge in education, also believes in the potential of AI and wants all students to be taught about it from the age of 11.', 'Julia Adamson, its managing director for education, said pupils should be required to study at least one technology subject at GCSE.', '""The world is digital now,"" she said.', '""It\'s really important that we help young people to navigate that world - just in the way that we do when we hold their hand while we\'re walking along a busy street and we teach them the rules of the road and the risks."" ', 'Ms Adamson said it would become easier for young people to cheat in schoolwork, but that did not mean they could not be trusted to create their own work. Instead, she believes young people should use it for things like structuring and generating ideas.', '""The risk, of course, is that we become lazy, and we drop back in terms of our creativity and our critical thinking. And that\'s exactly the opposite of what we really need to do,"" she said.', 'While most of our friends had used AI in some way in school, a recent online survey for BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Bitesize by polling company Survation suggests that may not be the case everywhere.', 'Just 29% of respondents said they had used AI technology for completing their homework or coursework.', 'The Department for Education said the computer science GCSE is ""designed to equip pupils with the knowledge they will need for the technological jobs of the future, including in AI"".', 'Girls only make up about one in five entries in computing GCSE, according to government data.', 'Year 13 Student Ahana is the only girl in her sixth form studying computer science, and is campaigning to get more girls into the subject.', '""I felt really overwhelmed and kind of even out of place at the beginning... I was quite afraid to speak up and speak my opinions,"" she told us over a video call.', '""As time went on, I realised that this was not the case at all and I had as much right to be there as everyone else.', '""This experience made me realise what a big problem that this really was.""', 'Last week, exam board Pearson Edexcel announced an AI qualification for students to study alongside A-levels.', 'After all of our work, we agree that our generation will be using AI in the future - and so young people should be taught about it.', 'We just have to make sure that the teaching includes its limitations, and that we do not over-rely on AI to generate ideas for us.', 'If you only execute ideas and you do not think of them, then you are losing a huge chunk of what is really important in the world.', 'As told to Hazel Shearing, BBC education correspondent', 'Additional reporting by Rahib Khan ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The White House has announced what it is calling ""the most significant actions ever taken by any government to advance the field of AI safety"".', 'An executive order from President Joe Biden requires Artificial Intelligence (AI) developers to share safety results with the US government. ', 'It places the US at the centre of the global debate on AI governance.', 'The UK government is this week holding a summit on AI safety, hosted by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak.', 'The two-day meeting begins on 1 November at Bletchley Park. It has been prompted by concerns that the rapid advance of AI systems could lead to problems such as the development of more deadly bio-weapons and more paralysing cyber-attacks.', 'Announcing the safety measures, Mr Biden vowed to ""harness the power of AI while keeping Americans safe"".', 'The tech entrepreneur and AI expert Gary Marcus told the BBC the US announcement seemed more ambitious in its scope.', '""Biden\'s executive order sets a high initial bar. The executive order is broad, focusing on both current and long-term risks, with some - though probably not enough - teeth,"" he said.', '""The UK summit seems to have greatly narrowed its focus, primarily focusing around the long-term risk, with not enough focus on the here and now, and it\'s just not clear how much with teeth will come out of it, or what authority it really has.""', 'Alex Krasodomski, senior research associate at Chatham House, told the BBC the executive order showed the US considered itself the leader in terms of how to address such threats.', 'On Monday, Mr Biden told reporters and tech workers at the White House: ""As artificial intelligence expands the boundary of human possibility, and tests the bounds of human understanding, this landmark executive order is a testament to what we stand for. ', '""Safety, security, trust, openness, American leadership and the undeniable rights endowed by our creator that no creation can take away."" ', 'The US measures include:', 'The Biden administration is also taking steps to beef up its AI workforce. From Monday, workers with AI expertise can find relevant openings in the federal government on AI.gov.', 'Mr Krasodomski said the order was ""really important"", but one that ""doesn\'t necessarily run in-line with the UK\'s objectives and aims for the summit"".', '""The UK summit is referenced in the executive order. But it\'s mentioned under the heading of \'advancing American leadership abroad\' -  indicating that the US very clearly knows that it is the big player here alongside China but more precisely, it is the US companies that are really driving forward,"" he said. ', 'Mr Krasodomski added: ""It\'s difficult to put together a small, highly technical summit but I think clearly if this technology is going to have significant global impact there\'s going to have to be a ton of other kinds of work and engagement with countries around the world."" ', 'US Vice-President Kamala Harris and top executives from the US tech giants are arriving in the UK this week to discuss AI safety at the UK government\'s AI Summit, which it has billed as a ""world first"".', 'This video can not be played', 'Watch: What threats does AI pose?', 'The summit will focus on growing fears about the implications of so-called frontier AI. President of the EU Commission Ursula von der Leyen and UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres will also attend. ', 'The UK is determined to position itself as a global leader in trying to minimise the risks posed by this powerful technology. ', 'But the EU is in the process of passing an AI act, China has already devised a number of strict AI rules and and now the US has issued this order.', 'On top of that, according to the Reuters news agency, the Group of Seven (G7) industrial countries is reportedly agreeing a code of conduct for companies developing advanced AI systems.', 'All that activity raises the question of how much will actually be left up for discussion at Bletchley Park this week.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""If you don't know where you stand on artificial intelligence, you're not alone. "", ""Will it save humanity or destroy us? The stakes are that high and the jury is still out, even among the world's leading experts. "", ""Some AI creators are calling for its development to slow down or even pause altogether because it's evolving so quickly. Others argue that doing so will mean we cramp the tech's potential to achieve amazing things, like generating formulas for new medicines and work on climate-change solutions."", ""This coming week, around 100 world leaders, tech bosses, academics and AI researchers are gathering at the UK's Bletchley Park campus, once home to the codebreakers who helped secure victory during World War Two. Their purpose is to take part in discussions about how best to maximise the benefits of this powerful technology while minimising the risks."", 'The event is the UK\'s AI Safety Summit, and the risks it intends to focus on are pretty extreme. They relate to so-called ""frontier AI"", the most advanced and powerful systems, which don\'t currently exist but AI is advancing so rapidly that they may do soon. ', 'But critics say the focus of the two-day meeting should be on the more immediate and pressing problems of AI, such as the large amount of energy it consumes and the impact it is already having on jobs.', 'In a report released last week, the UK government listed some horrifying potential threats, including bio-terrorism, cyber-attacks, advanced AI choosing to control itself, and the increased distribution of deepfake images of child sexual abuse.', 'Perhaps surprisingly, given this nightmarish backdrop, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak urged people ""not to lose sleep"". He has a plan, and it\'s an ambitious one. He wants to position the UK as the global leader for AI safety.', ""When the summit was first announced, and billed as a world-first, there were quite a few raised eyebrows. Would the world's top brass actually travel to a remote, leafy corner of England, in the winter cold and close to the US Thanksgiving holiday, just because the UK says so?"", ""No official guest list has been published. But it's pretty clear by now that the US tech giants will be very well represented. Not always at CEO level, but high-level execs nonetheless."", 'There\'s no shortage of summit enthusiasm from the commercial sector. British-based Stability AI boss Emad Mostaque described the summit as a ""once-in-a-generation opportunity"" for the UK to unlock AI superpower status.', '""We will encourage the government and other policymakers to commit to supporting AI safety right across the ecosystem, from corporate labs to everyday researchers and from long-term threats to short-term risks to keep Britain safe and competitive,"" he gushed.', 'These firms are an essential part of the discussion - they are at the front of the AI race and they are the ones building the systems. But you might imagine these are conversations they are already having among themselves. Diversity of thought here is crucial.', ""The world-leader contingent is a bit more of a mixed bag. US Vice-President Kamala Harris is attending, Canadian PM Justin Trudeau is not. European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen will be there, German chancellor Olaf Scholz won't. China has been invited - controversially so, given its difficult relationship with the west. But it is still undoubtedly a tech superpower."", 'United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres is also going - which is interesting because there are growing calls for a global body to take on AI oversight.', 'Some experts fear that the summit has got its priorities wrong. The risk of extreme doomsday scenarios are comparatively small, they argue, and there are more immediate threats, far closer to home, which will be more worrying for many people.', '""We\'re concerned about what\'s going to happen to our jobs, what\'s going to happen to our news, what\'s going to happen to our ability to communicate with one another. We\'re concerned about the threats to people, communities, and frankly, the planet,"" says Prof Gina Neff, who runs an AI centre at the University of Cambridge.', ""A recent study claimed the computing infrastructure required to drive the AI sector alone could use as much energy as that of a country the size of the Netherlands in just four years' time. This will not be discussed at the summit."", ""We also know AI is already causing disruption to jobs. A friend of mine worked in a small marketing company. There were five copywriters - now there's one, whose job it is to check the copy generated by ChatGPT. The Department for Work and Pensions is using AI tools to speed up benefits claims."", 'And what about the data used to train these powerful systems? The details are kept under wraps by the commercial companies who own them. But arguably, AI is only as good as the data it understands. We know bias and discrimination has crept into both off-the-shelf and bespoke tools that are available now.', 'These issues will at feature the summit - but they will be far from its focus.', 'What will the outcome of this two-day pow-wow be? You might hope the chiefs will emerge clutching a signed ""Bletchley Park Agreement"" and the world will be saved from the perils of AI.', ""We'll probably have to save that for the movie version. The government itself says the feat of getting these people in the same room at the same time to talk at all is a success in itself - especially if China does show up."", 'Professor Yoshua Bengio is well-known as one of the three founding ""Godfathers"" of AI. He was asked at a recent event hosted by Chatham House in London, what he would like to see from the summit.', 'He suggested a registration and licensing regime for frontier AI models, revokable if a system is deemed unsafe - but acknowledged that something like this would take longer than two days to get together.', '""We\'re going to need to start with small steps that can be implemented quickly,"" he said. ', '""International treaties and agreements take a lot more time... but we should start small and not wait to have built a very complicated global governance system before we start doing things.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Don't stick your head in the sand, the prime minister has told us.  But don't lose sleep over it either."", 'His message, in a speech on Thursday, is that artificial intelligence (AI) is coming, ready or not. It brings some scary threats, including - at a stretch - human extinction, but somewhat greater possibilities for misinformation, fraud, scams, the derailing of democracy and terrorist deployment of chemical weapons.', ""It also offers more positive prospects, from drug discovery to the classroom to automating dull and repetitive tasks. Every day, a new use is found - today, it's by Airbnb, in its quest to hunt down party animals."", ""For most people, if they've stopped to consider AI at all, the most immediate threat and opportunity is in the workplace. "", 'Many jobs could be replaced by AI, including professional and well-paid white collar jobs. Think of all the lawyers who would be out of work if AI could be trusted to draw up and check contracts. ', ""But we're being encouraged to think of it as a workplace co-pilot, allowing us to add output and value to work, increasing productivity, and taking over the duller chores."", 'Past experience of new technologies teaches us that some jobs disappear, but new ones are opened up, and usually more of them.', ""That's the positive approach to AI being taken by Scotland's finance sector. At the same time that the prime minister' speech was preparing the ground for next week's UK-hosted AI safety summit, Scotland's money people were preparing for their annual awards dinner at which they are launching an ambitious strategy for growth."", 'Fifteen years after its big banks crashed and seemed a threat to the whole finance sector, in Scotland it now has nearly 140,000 jobs, and represents nearly a tenth of output from the Scottish economy.', 'While Royal Bank of Scotland and Halifax Bank of Scotland no longer boost the Edinburgh economy with their headquarters dynamic, the big numbers can be found in Barclays, choosing Glasgow as one of its three global hubs, and international giants JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas look to Scots for back office functions, fraud prevention, tech support and innovation.', 'The aim of trade body Scottish Financial Enterprise (SFE) is to grow the sector in Scotland from Â£14.3bn of added value in 2021 to between Â£17bn and Â£21bn within only five years.', 'A further aim is to double the amount of Assets Under Management, from Â£500bn to Â£1trillion, despite that figure going backwards in recent years, as companies have merged.  These are the financial assets entrusted to Scottish fund managers by mainly institutional investors such as pension funds. The strategy is to build on strengths, and one of them is asset management. ', 'Another is in energy, and funding renewable power. This is growing at a staggering rate around the world. A report for City UK and BNP Paribas found that the green finance market grew from $5bn (Â£4.1bn) in 2012 to $541bn (Â£445bn) in 2021, with lots more growth to come.', 'Others are vying for this business. The message with this strategy is not just that there are opportunities, but that there is a threat of being left behind. Others move fast. Edinburgh was recently rated fifth in the world for its human assets in the finance sector, but has slipped rapidly to number 16.', ""Such league tables seem to count for a lot in the flow of international investment. In this year's Global Financial Centres Index (GFCI), Glasgow was at number 45 and Edinburgh at 27. The aim is to get Glasgow into the top 30 and Edinburgh into the top 20."", 'Emerging economies have fast-growing financial centres. The GFCI doesn\'t include either Glasgow or Edinburgh in the top 15 ""most desirable places to live and work"" or in the 15 centres most likely to grow in significance - a list headed by Seoul, Singapore and Kigali in Rwanda. ', 'It is to America that Scottish Financial Enterprise looks for inspiration. Instead of the high costs of New York, asset management has grown in Boston, while Atlanta has become the US hub for payments technology. Chicago and Seattle also offer clusters of expertise.', 'The aim is to make Edinburgh and Glasgow - with their lower cost base than big financial centres such as London, and an adaptable pool of finance-savvy recruits - a Scottish hub for financing the transition to green energy, from the turbines through the cabling to the battery-powered products.', 'Behind that part of the strategy is proximity to the opportunity from ScotWind, the vast project to build out offshore windfarms around Scotland. This is where a lot of money is about to spent. But success in issuing green bonds, for instance, would have to aim to be a European or global hub, pushing Edinburgh up from number 14 in the GFCI league table of 86 green finance centres. ', 'The other message, including one to governments, is that the energy sector is going through a transition from oil and gas which will be painful for some. So by contrast, if national policy can give the finance sector a helping hand, it can grow without the painful stuff. ', 'And faced with the glacial pace of productivity improvements across the British economy, finance is one sector where productivity is already strong, and has potential to grow rapidly.', 'That is where AI plays its part. Scottish universities are a crucial part of this strategy, providing both the research expertise and the graduates to make the strategy happen.  They have been important to more than 200 fintech companies being set up in Scotland.  Some succeed by being bought over.  ', 'Embark is one example, bought by Lloyds Banking Group to provide the software platform for the fund managers in its Scottish Widows division.  Started in Dundee, it has grown under the strength of an owner with deep pockets, so that it now employs 200 people in Britain, with its biggest office still on Tayside.', ""It's high risk, though. Some don't make it. Money Dashboard is one that impressed when I visited some years back.  It was incubated in Edinburgh's TechCube hub, and grew to have five million people using its app to see where their outgoings were going, in simple colourful charts. "", ""But it hasn't stacked up as a financial venture. Others offer something similar. It couldn't find an industry buyer, and the apps are being closed down next week."", ""Such university and fintech firms have been working with SFE as well as the trade bodies representing the financial sector in London and at a UK level. Their joint strategy is an intention to plant a Saltire flag in turf where it can leverage existing strengths with the new technology's capabilities; in climate finance, open banking data, payments and financial regulation."", 'It seems that such a focus can work. Since the financial technology trade body, Fintech Scotland, set out its strategy last year, picking areas of strength for more rapid growth, there has been a 19% growth in payments tech activity and a 13% growth in the niche software to handle regulation.', ""Fifteen years after that notorious bank crash, and a slump in public confidence in banks and business more widely, this new technology gives the industry a new opportunity. It is seeking now to reintroduce itself as one answer to Scotland's economic problems, and portray its future as a potential force for good and for growth."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', ""UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has given a speech on AI's potential uses"", 'Artificial intelligence could help make it easier to build chemical and biological weapons, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has warned.', 'In a worst-case scenario, society could lose all control over AI, preventing it from being switched off, Mr Sunak said.', 'While the potential for harm is disputed, we must not ""put our heads in the sand"" over AI risks, he argued.', 'In a speech aiming to present the UK as a world leader on AI, the PM said the technology was already creating jobs.', 'He added that development of the technology would catalyse economic growth and productivity, though admitted it would have an impact on the labour market. ', ""The prime minister's speech on Thursday morning set out the capabilities and potential risks posed by AI - including cyber attacks, fraud and child sexual abuse - following the publication of a government report. "", 'Mr Sunak said among the risks outlined in the report was that AI could be used by terrorist groups ""to spread fear and disruption on an even greater scale"".', 'Mitigating the risk of human extinction from AI should be a ""global priority"", he said. ', 'But he added: ""This is not a risk that people need to be losing sleep over right now and I don\'t want to be alarmist.""', 'He said that he was generally ""optimistic"" about the potential of AI to transform people\'s lives for the better. ', 'A threat that will be much closer to home for many is the disruption AI is already bringing to jobs. ', 'Mr Sunak mentioned AI tools efficiently doing admin tasks like preparing contracts and helping to make decisions - traditionally roles carried out by employees. ', 'He said he believed education was the solution to preparing people for the changing market, adding that technology had always brought changes to the way people make money.', 'Automation has already changed the nature of factory and warehouse work, for example, but has not entirely removed human input.', 'The prime minister insisted it was too simple to say artificial intelligence would ""take people\'s jobs"", instead urging the public to view the tech as a ""co-pilot"" in the day-to-day activities of the workplace.', 'Reports, including declassified material from the UK intelligence community, set out a series of warnings about the threats AI could pose within the next two years. ', 'According to the government\'s ""Safety and Security Risks of Generative Artificial Intelligence to 2025"" report, AI could be used to:', 'Experts are divided about the threat posed by AI and previous fears about other emerging technologies have not fully materialised.', 'Rashik Parmar, the chief executive of the BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT, said: ""AI won\'t grow up like The Terminator. ', '""If we take the proper steps, it will be a trusted co-pilot from our earliest school days to our retirement."" ', 'In his speech, Mr Sunak said the UK would not ""rush to regulate"" AI because it was ""hard to regulate something you do not fully understand"".', ""He said the UK's approach should be proportionate while also encouraging innovation, "", ""Mr Sunak wants to position the UK as a global leader on the safety of the technology, which would put it at the centre of a stage on which it can't really compete with huge players like the US and China in terms of resources or homegrown tech giants."", ""So far, most of the West's powerful AI developers seem to be cooperating - but they are also keeping a lot of secrets about what data their tools are trained on and how they really work.  "", 'The UK will have to find a way to persuade these firms to stop, as the prime minster put it, ""marking their own homework"".', 'Prof Carissa Veliz, associate professor in philosophy, Institute of Ethics in AI, at the University of Oxford, said unlike the EU the UK had so far been ""notoriously averse to regulating AI, so it is interesting for Sunak to say that the UK is particularly well-suited to lead the efforts of ensuring the safety of AI"". ', 'She said regulation often leads to ""the most impressive and important innovations"". ', 'Labour said the government had not yet set out concrete proposals on how it would regulate the most powerful AI models.', '""Rishi Sunak should back up his words with action and publish the next steps on how we can ensure the public is protected,"" Shadow Science, Innovation and Technology Secretary Peter Kyle said.', 'The UK is hosting a two-day AI safety summit at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire next week, with China expected to attend.  ', ""The decision to invite China at a time of tense relations between the two countries has been criticised by some. Former Prime Minister Liz Truss has written to Mr Sunak asking him to rescind China's invitation."", 'She believes ""we should be working with our allies, not seeking to subvert freedom and democracy"" and cites concerns around Beijing\'s attitude to the West about AI.', 'But, speaking earlier Mr Sunak defended the decision, arguing there could be ""no serious strategy for AI without at least trying to engage all of the world\'s leading AI powers"". ', 'The summit will bring together world leaders, tech firms, scientists and academics to discuss the emerging technology.', 'Professor Gina Neff, Director of the Minderoo Centre for Technology and Democracy at the University of Cambridge, has criticised the focus of the summit. ', '""The concerns that most people care about are not on the table, from building digital skills to how we work with powerful AI tools,"" she said. ', '""This brings its own risks for people, communities, and the planet.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['How would you feel if you rented out your home for a few nights, only to return and find that it had been used to hold a raucous house party?', ""As you looked aghast at the damage to your property, you'd either be livid or upset, or a combination of both."", 'Such scenarios have been widely reported around the world in recent years, especially during the coronavirus pandemic. With bars and nightclubs then closed, young adults, in particular, wanted to find somewhere else to hang out, dance and potentially drink too much.', 'It sparked a fightback from short-term rental giant Airbnb, which announced a ""global party ban"", and vowed to do all it could to prevent such behaviour. This included banning offenders from making new bookings, and restrictions on under 25s who didn\'t have a history of excellent reviews.', 'Airbnb said recently that as a result of its clampdown the number of reported parties dropped by 55% between 2020 and last year. But with the battle not yet won, the US firm has now upped the ante and introduced an artificial intelligence (AI) powered software system to help weed out potential troublemakers.', 'Now operating worldwide, when you now try to make an Airbnb booking the AI automatically looks out for things such as how recently you created your account, and - big red flag - whether you are trying to rent a property in the same town or city as where you live.', ""It also questions the duration of your stay - one night only is a potential concern - and whether the planned visit is occurring during a revelry-heavy period such as Halloween or New Year's Eve."", '""If someone is booking a room during New Year\'s Eve for one night only, and they are from the same city as the host, that\'s likely to be a party,"" says Naba Banerjee, head of safety and trust at Airbnb.', 'Ms Banerjee adds that if the AI deems that the risk of a party booking is too high, it will prevent the booking, or instead guide the person to the website of one of its partner hotel companies. She says it is an issue of trust, that people renting out their homes via Airbnb are as reassured as possible.', 'Lucy Paterson is one such person. She rents out the one-bedroom annex beside her home in Worcestershire, and has had more than 150 bookings since she first listed the apartment.', '""Part of my planning to be an Airbnb host is that I have only a one-bedroom place, to minimise the potential for parties,"" she says. ""Of course it hasn\'t always been perfect, but I\'d say 99% of my guests have been fantastic.""', 'She adds that Airbnb\'s new use of AI has given her ""more reassurance"".', 'Going forward, Ms Banerjee says the AI will only get better and better as the more data it processes the more it will learn.', 'In the car sharing sector, one of the biggest online marketplaces, Turo, also uses an AI system, to help protect people who let others hire their cars. ', 'The software, a platform called DataRobot AI, can quickly detect a risk of theft. It also sets the prices for cars, determined by their size, power and speed, and the time of the day or week that a person wishes to begin their hire period.', ""Separately, Turo also uses AI to allow some users to talk to its app, to tell it what car it wants and when. The AI will then reply, with text on the screen, offering a personalised list of recommended vehicles that match the criteria. This service is currently available to subscribers of popular consumer AI system ChatGPT-4, which is incorporated into Turo's system."", '""We want to make it easy to browse Turo, and that can help build trust between us and our customers,"" says the firm\'s chief data officer Albert Mangahas.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'Using AI to filter out potential problem customers is a good idea, says Edward McFowland III, assistant professor of technology and operating management at Harvard Business School. ""Having that layer of AI can help ease the friction on both sides, for both business and consumer.""', 'He points out though, that even a perfectly calibrated AI model can create false negatives, such as shutting out a young person who wants to hire an apartment for New Year\'s Eve, but has no intension of throwing a party. ""And that\'s why AI technology is still very hard to get right, all the time.""', ""In Toronto, Canada, Lara Bozabalian uses Airbnb to rent out her family's 3,000 sq ft (280sq m) cottage. She says that no matter how attractive the booking may be, or what the AI has determined, she follows her own rule."", '""I don\'t take on clients who are first-time users. I need to know they\'ve been vetted by someone at some point.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence could increase the risk of cyber-attacks and erode trust in online content by 2025, a UK government report warns.', 'The tech could even help plan biological or chemical attacks by terrorists, it says.', 'But some experts have questioned whether the tech will evolve as predicted.', 'Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is expected to highlight opportunities and threats posed by the technology on Thursday.', 'The government report looks at generative AI - the type of system that currently powers popular chatbots and image generation software.', 'It is based in part on declassified information from intelligence agencies.', 'The report warns that by 2025 generative AI could be ""used to assemble knowledge on physical attacks by non-state violent actors, including for chemical, biological and radiological weapons"".', 'It says while firms are working to block this, ""the effectiveness of these safeguards vary"". ', 'There are obstacles to getting hold of the knowledge, raw materials, and equipment for attacks, but those barriers are falling - potentially accelerated by AI, according to the report.', 'By 2025, it\'s likely AI will also help create ""faster-paced, more effective and larger scale"" cyber-attacks, it warns.', 'Joseph Jarnecki, who researches cyber threats at the Royal United Services Institute, said that AI could help hackers, especially in overcoming their difficulties in mimicking official language. ', '""There\'s a tone that is adopted in bureaucratic language and cybercriminals have found that quite difficult to harness,"" he told the BBC.', 'The report comes ahead of a speech by Mr Sunak on Thursday where he is expected to set out how the UK government aims to make AI safe, and establish the UK as a global leader in AI safety.', '""AI will bring new knowledge, new opportunities for economic growth, new advances in human capability, and the chance to solve problems we once thought beyond us. But it also brings new dangers and new fears,"" Mr Sunak is expected to say.', 'He will commit to address those fears head on, ""making sure you and your children have all the opportunities for a better future that AI can bring"".', 'The speech sets the scene for a government summit next week to discuss the threat posed by highly advanced AIs.', 'It will focus on the regulation of so-called ""Frontier AI"": powerful future AI systems that ministers say ""can perform a wide variety of tasks"" and ""exceed the capabilities of today\'s most advanced models"".', 'Whether or not such systems could pose a threat to humanity is a hotly debated.', 'Another newly published report by the Government Office for Science, which advises the prime minister and cabinet, says ""many experts consider this a risk with very low likelihood and few plausible routes to being realised.""', 'It says to pose a risk to human existence, an AI would need some control over vital systems, such as weapons or financial systems.', 'They would also need new skills such as the capacity to improve their own programming, the ability to evade human oversight and a sense of autonomy.', 'But it notes ""there is no consensus on the timelines and plausibility of when specific future capabilities could emerge"".', 'The big AI firms have mostly agreed that regulation is necessary, and their representatives are likely to attend the summit.', 'But Rachel Coldicutt, an expert on the social impact of technology, questioned the focus of the summit.', 'She said it placed too much weight on future risk: ""It makes loads of sense that technology companies, who stand to lose more by being regulated about the things they\'re making in the here-and-now, will focus on long-term risk.""', '""And it has felt over the summer, as if the government position has been very strongly aligned, supporting those views,"" she told the BBC.', 'But she said the government reports were ""moderating some of the the fervour"" about these futuristic threats and made it clear that there was a gap between ""the political position and the actual technical one"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Mounted patrol officers have been preparing for an AI summit which will be visited by world leaders.', ""Riders will be supporting security at the UK government's global Artificial Intelligence (AI) summit at Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire."", 'Police horses will patrol near the event which starts on 1 November.', 'Thames Valley Police said it would also have a drone unit in operation throughout the course of the summit.', 'Drone pilots on the ground will be using the technology to look out for suspicious activity.', 'Insp Chris Simpson said: ""Our expert mounted section and drone unit are just some of the many additional security measures we have in place to ensure the safety both of delegates to the summit and residents and businesses.""', '""Our police horses enjoy the attention they get from the public so please do stop and speak with them when you spot them on patrol,"" he added.', 'World leaders will meet with AI companies and experts at the summit to try and build an international consensus on the future of AI.', ""Alan Turing, one of the pioneers of modern computing, cracked the Enigma code - used by Germany's military - with his team during World War Two at Bletchley Park."", 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp 0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A new Â£6.2m residential building equipped with the latest technology is due to open at a college for students with disabilities.', 'The accommodation at National Star College will act as a ""smart house"" and includes voice-activated technology.', 'It will allow students to adapt artificial intelligence (AI) to suit their personal needs. ', 'It will be opened later by disability campaigners Jack Thorne and Rachel Mason.', 'The college, based in Ullenwood, near Cheltenham, provides education and therapy for young people with a range of disabilities and it is hoped the technology will give them more independence and prepare them for life after college.', ""The single-storey 'Building a Brighter Future' building consists of 13 bedrooms, each installed with overhead tracking hoists and a range of AI features such as a voice-activated fridge."", '""We\'re trying to give the students the opportunity to explore this technology in a safe environment at college,"" said Maizie Morgan, assistive technology technician at National Star College.', '""The idea is that prospective and current students are able to use this technology, see what\'s out there in the world, and eventually, hopefully implement it into their own rooms and then transition from college,"" she added.', ""Principal, Simon Welch, said the technology had been personalised to help meet students' individual needs."", '""We understand, in terms of the young people and their disability, and what\'s really the priority for them. ', '""The technology isn\'t necessarily hugely innovative but the way in which we work with the individual is,"" he added.', 'Student, Jaspar Tomlinson, was given the opportunity to test out the software ahead of the opening. ', 'He is non-verbal but is able to send commands to the smart devices by using his eyes to control his electronic communicator. ', 'Devices and appliances in the rooms can then be controlled using a single action word. ', '""I think that it\'s great because it helps me gain confidence for the time I leave college,"" he said.', 'Peter Horne, National Star deputy chief executive, said: ""This new accommodation will improve the lives of young people with complex physical and learning disabilities and create stimulating spaces to live, learn and relax in.""', 'Follow BBC West on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A leading child protection organisation has warned that abuse of AI technology threatens to ""overwhelm"" the internet.', 'The Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) removes images of child sexual abuse from websites.', 'It says it has found thousands of AI-generated images which are so realistic they are criminal under UK law.', 'AI is being used to produce new images of real victims, de-age celebrities and unclothe children in ordinary photos to depict them in abuse scenarios.', '""Our worst nightmares have come true,"" said Susie Hargreaves OBE, chief executive of Cambridge-based IWF.  ', '""Chillingly, we are seeing criminals deliberately training their AI on real victims\' images.', '""Children who have been raped in the past are now being incorporated into new scenarios because someone, somewhere, wants to see it.""', 'In a new study of a single dark web forum, the IWF found 2,978 images of abuse generated using artificial intelligence. ', 'Half of them depicted children of primary school age, with some as young as two years old. ', 'More than 560 images were classified as Category A - the most serious kind of imagery - including rape, sexual torture and bestiality.', 'In the UK, cartoons, drawings, animations and AI images are all criminal if they depict child abuse. ', 'Experts also found that the technology is being used to ""nudify"" children, whose clothed pictures had been uploaded to the internet for genuine reasons. ', 'The most convincing imagery is now difficult for trained analysts to distinguish and, as the technology advances, the IWF warns it will pose ""more obstacles"" for them and the police.', 'Ian Critchley, National Police Chiefs\' Council Lead for Child Protection, said: ""It is clear that this is no longer an emerging threat - it is here, and normalises the rape and abuse of real children.', '""AI has many positive attributes, and we are developing opportunities to turn this technology against those who would abuse it to prey on children."" ', 'The Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is hosting a global AI Safety Summit at Bletchley Park on 1 November. ', 'Susie Hargreaves has once again urged him to put this issue at ""the top of the agenda"" and warned ""if we don\'t get a grip on this threat, this material threatens to overwhelm the internet."" ', 'Follow East of England news on Facebook, Instagram and X. Got a story? Email eastofenglandnews@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp  0800 169 1830', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Tech giant Nvidia says the US has told it to stop shipping some of its advanced artificial intelligence chips to China immediately. ', 'The restrictions were supposed to be introduced 30 days from 17 October.', ""That was when President Joe Biden's administration announced measures to block countries, including China, Iran and Russia, from buying high-end AI chips designed by Nvidia and others."", 'Nvidia did not say why the timeline had been moved forward.', 'In a statement to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Nvidia said the US government said these curbs were ""effective immediately"", but added that ""given the strength of demand for the Company\'s products worldwide, the Company does not anticipate that the accelerated timing of the licensing requirements will have a near-term meaningful impact on its financial results"". ', ""The new restrictions bar exports of Nvidia's advanced AI chips, which had been designed for the Chinese market to comply with earlier export regulations."", 'The acceleration of the introduction of the US curbs is the latest move in the ongoing technology dispute between Washington and Beijing.', ""Chinese authorities have yet to publicly comment on Nvidia's announcement, but it hit back at the Biden administration's decision to impose new restrictions on advanced chip exports when it was announced last week."", 'The country\'s foreign ministry said the curbs ""violate the principles of the market economy and fair competition"".', 'The move was seen as an attempt to close loopholes that became apparent after an initial wave of chip controls last October.', 'At the time, the US said the measures were designed to prevent China from receiving cutting-edge technologies that it could use to strengthen its military, especially in the field of AI.', ""Soaring demand for Nvidia's AI chips has pushed up its share price more than threefold, making it one of the most valuable companies in the world."", 'In May the firm joined technology giants Apple, Amazon, Alphabet and Microsoft in the elite club of companies with stock market valuations of more than $1 trillion (Â£822bn).', 'California-based Nvidia has come to dominate the market for chips used in AI systems.', 'Chip giant Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), which also supplies AI chips to China, has not made any announcement about the accelerated export curbs. It did not immediately respond to a BBC request for comment.', ""The US Department of Commerce declined to comment on Nvidia's statement when contacted by the BBC."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Paedophiles are using artificial intelligence to create images of celebrities as children. ', 'The Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) said images of a well-known female singer reimagined as a child are being shared by predators.', 'On one dark web forum the charity says images of child actors are also being manipulated to make them sexual.', 'Hundreds of images of real victims of child sexual abuse are also now being created using bespoke image generators.', ""The details come from the IWF's latest report into the growing problem, as it tries to raise awareness about the dangers of paedophiles using AI systems that can create images from simple text instructions."", 'Since these powerful image generation systems entered the public domain, researchers have warned that they have the potential to be misused to generate illicit images.', 'In May, Home Secretary Suella Braverman and US Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas issued a joint statement committing to tackle the ""alarming rise in despicable AI-generated images of children being sexually exploited by paedophiles"". ', ""The IWF's report details how researchers spent a month logging AI imagery on a single darknet child abuse website and found nearly 3,000 synthetic images that would be illegal under UK law."", 'Analysts said there is a new trend of predators taking single photos of well-known child abuse victims and recreating many more of them in different sexual abuse settings.', 'One folder they found contained 501 images of a real world victim who was about 9-10 years old when she was subjected to sexual abuse. In the folder predators also shared a fine-tuned AI model file to allow others to generate more images of her.', 'The IWF says some of the imagery, including that of celebrities as children, is extremely realistic and would be indistinguishable to untrained eyes.', 'Analysts saw images of mostly female singers and movie stars that had been de-aged using the imaging software to make them look like children.', 'The report did not identify which celebrities had been targeted.', ""The charity said it was sharing the research to get the issue put onto the agenda at the UK government's AI Summit next week at Bletchley Park."", 'In one month, the IWF investigated 11,108 AI images which had been shared on a dark web child abuse forum. ', 'In June, the IWF warned that predators were starting to explore the use of AI to make depraved images of children, but now the IWF says the fears are a reality.', '""Our worst nightmares have come true,"" said Susie Hargreaves,, the chief executive of the IWF.', '""Earlier this year, we warned AI imagery could soon become indistinguishable from real pictures of children suffering sexual abuse, and that we could start to see this imagery proliferating in much greater numbers. We have now passed that point.""', 'The IWF report reiterates the real world harm of AI images. Although children are not harmed directly in the making of the content, the images normalise predatory behaviour and can waste police resources as they investigate children that do not exist.', 'In some scenarios new forms of offence are being explored too, throwing up new complexities for law enforcement agencies.', 'For example, the IWF found hundreds of images of two girls whose pictures from a photoshoot at a non-nude modelling agency had been manipulated to put them in Category A sexual abuse scenes. ', 'The reality is that they are now victims of Category A offences that never happened.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A new multimillion-pound recycling facility in Coventry is to use robots and AI technology to sort rubbish.', 'Sherbourne Recycling, based at Whitley Depot, is thought to be the first of its kind in the UK. ', 'It was founded by eight West Midlands councils and will process the rubbish of 1.5m people across the region.', 'The plant was ""a huge investment but a great return for all councils for the next 25 years"", Carolyn Watson-Merret from Rugby Borough Council said.', 'The facility is at the final stages of going fully live to turn residential mixed recycling into high-quality materials to be returned to the UK market, rather than being sent abroad. ', ""The site's business manager Layla Shannon said it would process 175,000 tonnes of rubbish a year."", 'The waste would go through two cylinders that take out oversized materials and glass before a process to separate the key components, she said.', '""We separate material by metals, glass, plastics and fibres and then we break that down further into different grades of material,"" she explained.', 'The robotic units use high suction to target the material during the quality control process, with the robots\' arms able to perform ""70 picks a minute"", Ms Shannon said.', 'She added: ""They\'re talking back to the optics that are working a stage before them, they know what they\'re looking for, the AI is bringing the whole system together and they\'re targeting those key items for us that we don\'t want there - last little bits of film or tissues... we pull them off and then we\'ve got exactly what we\'re looking for at the end.""', 'Waste that cannot be recycled will go into other bins, but the new technology means the range of what is suitable is wider.', '""By using the sorting and rapid response technology that we\'ve got, we can change and we can move with changes in composition and consumer habits,"" Ms Shannon said.', 'Ms Watson-Merret, councillor for operations and traded waste at the council, said the handling of volume and tonnage coming into the site was state-of-the-art, with solar panels radiating back to power the plant.', 'The facility was ""very impressive"" after several years of hard work between the partner authorities to get it operational, she said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['An artificial intelligence tool has been developed to predict new variants of viruses before they emerge.', 'Researchers at the University of Oxford and Harvard Medical School claim the model could have predicted mutations of the Covid-19 virus during the pandemic.', 'It is hoped the model, named EVEscape, will help in the design of vaccines by studying how viruses mutates in response to the human immune system.', 'The University of Oxford said the technology was ""predicting the future"".', 'During the Covid-19 pandemic waves were driven by different variants of the virus that had undergone multiple genetic changes.', ""Those mutations can alter the virus's behaviour, potentially making it spread faster or making it harder for our immune systems to recognise and fight off."", 'In late 2021, the Omicron variant did just that and infected millions, although it did not lead to a huge spike in hospitalisations and deaths.', 'EVEscape - short for Evolutionary Model of Variant Effect - combines a deep-learning model of how a virus evolves, along with detailed biological and structural information about it.', 'In the journal Nature, the research team described how it works by predicting the likelihood that a viral mutation will enable it to escape immune responses, for example, by preventing antibodies from binding.', 'The model was tested with information only available at the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic in February 2020 and successfully predicted which SARS-CoV-2 mutations would occur and which would become most prevalent. ', 'The team said it also predicted which antibody-based therapies would lose their efficacy as the pandemic progressed and the virus developed mutations to escape these treatments.', 'It is hoped the technology could help in prevention measures and the design of vaccines that target variants of concern before they become prevalent.', 'Co-lead author for the study Pascal Notin, said it would have ""accurately predicted"" the most frequent mutations of Covid-19 if it had been used at the start of the pandemic.', '""This work is of tremendous value, both for pandemic surveillance efforts, but also to inform vaccine design in a way that is robust to the emergence of certain at-risk mutations,"" he added.', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The camera never lies. Except, of course, it does - and seemingly more often with each passing day. ', 'In the age of the smartphone, digital edits on the fly to improve photos have become commonplace, from boosting colours to tweaking light levels. ', 'Now, a new breed of smartphone tools powered by artificial intelligence (AI) are adding to the debate about what it means to photograph reality.', ""Google's latest smartphones released last week, the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro, go a step further than devices from other companies. They are using AI to help alter people's expressions in photographs.  "", ""It's an experience we've all had: one person in a group shot looks away from the camera or fails to smile. Google's phones can now look through your photos to mix and match from past expressions, using machine learning to put a smile from a different photo of them into the picture. Google calls it Best Take. "", 'â\x80¯The devices also let users erase, move and resize unwanted elements in a photo - from people to buildings - ""filling in"" the space left behind with what\'s called Magic Editor. This uses what\'s known as deep learning, effectively an artificial intelligence algorithm working out what textures should fill the gap by analysing the surrounding pixels it can see, using knowledge it has gleaned from millions of other photos. ', ""It doesn't have to be pictures taken on the device. Using the Pixel 8 Pro you can apply the so-called Magic Editor or Best Take to any pictures in your Google Photos library.  "", 'For some observers this raises fresh questions about how we take photographs. ', 'Google\'s new AI technology has been described variously by tech commentators and reviewers as potentially ""icky"" (The Verge), ""creepy"" (Tech Radar) and having the potential to ""pose serious threats to people\'s (already fragile) trust of online content"" (Cnet).  ', 'Andrew Pearsall, a professional photographer, and senior lecturer in Journalism at the University of South Wales, agreed that AI manipulation held dangers.  ', '""One simple manipulation, even for aesthetic reasons, can lead us down a dark path,"" he said. ', 'He said the risks were greater for those who used AI in professional contexts but there were implications to for everyone to consider.  ', '""You\'ve got to be very careful about \'When do you step over the line?\'.  ', '""It\'s quite worrying now you can take a picture and remove something instantly on your phone.  I think we are moving into this realm of a kind of fake world."" ', ""Speaking to the BBC, Google's Isaac Reynolds, who leads the team developing the camera systems on the firm's smartphones, said the company takes the ethical consideration of its consumer technology seriously."", 'He was quick to point out that features like Best Take were not ""faking"" anything. ', 'Camera quality and software are key to the company competing with Samsung, Apple and others - and these AI features are seen as a unique selling point.  ', ""And all of the reviewers who raised concerns about the tech praised the quality of the camera system's photos. "", '""You can finally get that shot where everyone\'s how you want them to look- and that\'s something you have not been able to do on any smartphone camera, or on any camera, period,"" Reynolds said. ', '""If there was a version [of the photo you\'ve taken] where that person was smiling, it will show it to you. But if there was no version where they smiled, yeah, you won\'t see that,"" he explained. ', 'For Mr Reynolds, the final image becomes a ""representation of a moment"". In other words, that specific moment may not have happened but it\'s the picture you wanted to happen created from multiple real moments.  ', 'Professor Rafal Mantiuk, an expert in graphics and displays at the University of Cambridge, said it was important to remember that the use of AI in smartphones was not to make the photographs look like real life. ', '""People don\'t want to capture reality,"" he said.  ""They want to capture beautiful images. The whole image processing pipeline in smartphones is meant to produce good-looking images - not real ones."" ', 'The physical limitations of smartphones mean they rely on machine learning to ""fill in"" information that doesn\'t exist in the photo.  ', ""This helps improve zoom, improve low light photographs, and - in the case of Google's Magic Editor feature - add elements to photographs that were either never there or swapping in elements from other photos, such as replacing a frown with a smile. "", ""Manipulation of photographs is not new - it's as old as the art form itself. But never has it been easier to augment the real thanks to artificial intelligence.  "", ""Earlier this year Samsung came in for criticism for the way it used deep learning algorithms to improve the quality of photos taken of the Moon with its smartphones. Tests found it didn't matter how poor an image you took to begin with, it always gave you a useable image.   "", 'In other words - your Moon photo was not necessarily a photo of the Moon you were looking at. ', 'The company acknowledged the criticism, saying it was working to ""reduce any potential confusion that may occur between the act of taking a picture of the real Moon and an image of the Moon"". ', ""On Google's new tech, Reynolds says the company adds metadata to its photos - the digital footprint of an image - using an industry standard to flag when AI is used. "", '""It is a question that we talk about internally. And we\'ve talked at length. Because we\'ve been working on these things for years. It\'s a conversation, and we listen to what our users are saying,"" he says. ', 'Google is clearly confident users will agree - the AI features of its new phones are at the heart of its advertising campaign. ', 'So, is there a line Google would not cross when it comes to image manipulation?  ', 'Mr Reynolds said the debate about the use of artificial intelligence was too nuanced to simply point to a line in the sand and say it was too far. ', '""As you get deeper into building features, you start to realise that a line is sort of an oversimplification of what ends up being a very tricky feature-by-feature decision,"" he says. ', ""Even as these new technologies raise ethical considerations about what is and what isn't reality, Professor Mantiuk said we must also consider the limitations of our own eyes. "", 'He said: ""The fact that we see sharp colourful images is because our brain can reconstruct information and infer even missing information.  ', '""So, you may complain cameras do \'fake stuff\', but the human brain actually does the same thing in a different way."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Software that uses artificial intelligence to take a person's blood pressure could be rolled out across the country."", 'Lifelight has been developed by a company based on the Southampton University Science Park.', 'In trials across Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, patients look at a tablet screen that takes a blood pressure reading from their face in 40 seconds.', 'The technology targets people who do not regularly engage with the NHS.', 'Xim, the company behind Lifelight, has been running trials with the NHS since 2019 and claims it is already as accurate as the traditional inflatable cuff.', 'The company hopes the contactless technology will be made available for patients to use at home on their tablets and smart phones.', 'David Petronzio from Lifelight said the camera on the tablet detects colour changes, known as ""microblushes"", in a patient\'s face, which occur every time their heart beats. Â\xa0', 'Artificial intelligence is then used to translate the information into blood pressure, heart rate and respiration data.', 'Trials have taken part at Thornhill Baptist Church, in Southampton, and Paulsgrove surgery, in Portsmouth.', 'Dr Lindsay Welch, from Wessex Academic Health Science Network, said they are targeting five ""key"" places where people don\'t have regular cardiovascular checks.', 'She added that these are ""also places where people are often struggling with money and have lots of other complex illnesses and social problems"".', 'According to figures from Public Health England, 43% of people with hypertension in the UK are undiagnosed.', 'Dr Karen Kyd, a GP from Portsdown Group Practice, said: ""High blood pressure is common and often doesn\'t have any symptoms. ', '""Left untreated, it can cause serious health problems including strokes, heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia, so it\'s especially important to take the time to get a simple check. Support can then be offered to bring the blood pressure under control.', '""This initiative will help us to make tests even more accessible and provide innovative care to our patients.""', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Carers of people with dementia and autism could get support from socks which use artificial intelligence (AI).', 'The SmartSocks, created by Milbotix, alert carers when the wearer is in distress.', 'The socks track heart rate, sweat, temperature and motion, to enable those caring for people to intervene before issues escalate.', 'The Dorset Integrated Care System will trial the socks at care homes in 2024.', 'Councillor Jane Somper, from Dorset Council, said ""Smart Socks can help enable people living with dementia or other conditions to retain their independence and have better day-to-day quality of life.""', 'Bristol-based Milbotix, the start-up company behind the product, said it wanted to create wearable technology that was not complex, uncomfortable or stigmatising.', 'The machine washable socks are paired with an app, installed on a smartphone.', 'A sensor embedded in one of the socks collects data from the foot and the ankle of the wearer which is sent to the AI, which estimates whether the person is distressed. ', 'The care team would then be alerted through the app.', 'Dr Zeke Steer, Milbotix founder, was inspired to make the product after his grandmother began to show signs of early onset dementia.', 'He said partnering with the council meant the company could ""hear the expert voices of people providing and receiving care"".', '""We are committed to building a product that genuinely help carers and improves wearers\' overall wellbeing,"" he added.', 'Follow BBC South on Facebook, X, or Instagram. Send your story ideas to south.newsonline@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The world\'s most valuable chip company Nvidia and iPhone maker Foxconn are joining forces to build so-called ""AI factories"".', 'The firms say it is a new kind of data centre that uses Nvidia chips to power a ""wide range"" of applications.', 'They include training autonomous vehicles, robotics platforms and large language models.', 'It comes as the US announced plans to cut off more exports of advanced chips to China, in a blow to Nvidia.', 'The latest export restrictions announced by Washington this week will block sales of two high-end artificial intelligence chips Nvidia created for the Chinese market - A800 and H800, according to the company. ', ""The Taiwan-born Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang and Foxconn chairman Young Liu shared a stage at Foxconn's annual tech showcase in Taipei on Wednesday."", '""A new type of manufacturing has emerged - the production of intelligence and the data centres that produce it are AI factories,"" Mr Huang said, according to Reuters, adding that Foxconn had the expertise and scale to build these factories globally.', 'Mr Liu also said Foxconn is trying to ""convert itself from a manufacturing service company to a platform solution company,"" citing smart cities and smart manufacturing as other applications for AI factories.', ""Thanks to the use of the company's advanced chips in AI applications, Nvidia's stock market value has jumped to over $1 trillion as its shares more than tripled in value this year."", 'That made it the fifth publicly traded US company to join the so-called ""Trillion dollar club"", along with Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet and Amazon.', ""Meanwhile, Foxconn, which makes over half of the world's Apple products, has been trying to diversify its business and replicate its success in assembling personal computers and smartphones."", 'In an exclusive interview in June, Mr Liu told the BBC that electric vehicles (EVs) are what will drive its growth in the coming decades.', ""In January, Foxconn and Nvidia announced a partnership to develop autonomous vehicle platforms, in which Foxconn would manufacture electronic control units for cars based on Nvidia's chips."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['If there was a court case on whether society should embrace artificial intelligence (AI) or reject it, there would likely be a hung jury. ', 'No-one, it seems, can decide whether the benefits - such as automating written tasks, and sifting through vast amounts of information in seconds - outweigh the problems of biased data, and a lack of accuracy and accountability.', 'For the legal profession itself, AI represents both a threat and an opportunity. It could lead to a ""savage reduction"" in jobs for humans, according to a 2021 report from the UK\'s Law Society.', 'And a study this year from the universities of Pennsylvania, New York and Princeton estimated that the legal sector was the industry  most likely to be impacted by AI.', 'At the same time, AI can play a hugely valuable role in researching and putting cases together. Although there is precedent for things going horribly wrong.', 'New York lawyer Steven Schwartz found himself facing his own court hearing this year, when he used popular AI system ChatGPT to research precedents for a case involving a man suing an airline over personal injury. Six of the seven cases he used had been completely made up by the AI.', 'While that may have left many law firms reluctant to embrace such systems, Ben Allgrove, the chief innovation officer at international law firm Baker McKenzie, has a different interpretation.', '""I don\'t think that it is a technology story, it\'s a lawyer story,"" he says. ""You\'ve got to get through the lack of professionalism [by Mr Schwartz], and the lack of ethics, before you get to the fact that the tool was something he shouldn\'t have been using.""', 'Baker McKenzie has been tracking developments in AI since 2017, and has since set up a team of lawyers, data scientists and data engineers to test the new systems that are coming to market.', ""Mr Allgrove thinks that the vast majority of AI usage in his firm will come from using the new AI-powered versions of existing legal software providers, like LexisNexis and Microsoft's 365 Solution for Legal."", ""LexisNexis launched its AI platform back in May, which can answer legal questions, generate documents and summarise legal issues. Meanwhile, Microsoft's AI-tool, Copilot, will launch for commercial customers next month, as an extra-cost add-on for 365."", '""We already use LexisNexis and Microsoft, and they will increasingly get capabilities driven by generative AI. And we will buy those things if they make sense and are at the right price.""', 'Generative AI is the type of AI that everyone is talking about. It is the AI that can create text, images and music based on the data it was trained with.', 'The caveat is that currently, premium, paid-for versions of such tools are expensive. Paying for Microsoft\'s Copilot alone would ""double our technology spend"", Mr Allgrove says.', ""The alternative is for law firms to pay a lesser amount to access AI systems not specifically aimed at the legal market, such as Google's Bard, Meta's Llama, and OpenAI's ChatGPT. The firms would plug into such platforms, and adapt them for their own legal use."", 'Baker McKenzie is already testing several. ""We are going out to the market and saying we want to test the performance of these models,"" says Mr Allgrove.', 'Such testing is crucial, he explained, to ""validate performance"", because all the systems will all make errors.', 'Legal software system RobinAI uses what it calls an AI co-pilot to help speed up the process of drafting and querying contracts, both for in-house legal teams in large organisations, and for individuals.', 'It is primarily using an AI system developed by a company called Anthropic. This was set up by a former vice president of research at OpenAI, and is backed with investment from Google.', 'But RobinAI has also created its own AI models that are being trained on the minutiae of contract law. Any contract used by the system gets uploaded and labelled, and is then used as learning tool. ', 'This means the firm has built up a huge database of contracts, something Karolina Lukoszova, co-head of legal and product at UK-based RobinAI, thinks will be key to the use of AI in the legal profession.', '""Companies will need to train their own smaller models on their own data within the company,"" she says. ""That will give them better results and ones that are ringfenced.""', 'To make sure information is accurate, RobinAI has a team of human lawyers working alongside the AI.', 'Alex Monaco is an employment lawyer who runs both his own solicitor practice and a tech firm called Grapple.', 'Grapple was developed to provide members of the public with what Mr Monaco calls ""an ontology of employment law"", and offers advice on a range of workplace issues from bullying and harassment to redundancy. It can generate legal letters and provide summaries of cases.', 'He is excited about the potential for AI to democratise the legal profession.', '""Probably 95% of the inquiries that we get are from people who just cannot afford lawyers,"" says Mr Monaco.', 'But thanks to widely available free AI tools, people can now build their own legal cases. Anyone with an internet connection can use Bard or ChatGPT to help formulate a legal letter. And while it might not be as good as a letter written by a lawyer, it is free.', '""AI is not replacing humans, it\'s not replacing lawyers. What it is doing is supercharging people\'s understanding and implementation of their legal rights,"" he says.', 'And in a world where everyone is using AI, he adds that this could be very important.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', '""Companies and corporations are using AI for hiring and firing. They are profiling CVs, using AI for restructuring, mass redundancies and so on. They\'re using this against the average employee.""', 'While the use of AI in law is very much still at an early stage, some systems are already facing their own legal challenges.', ""DoNotPay, which dubs itself as the world's first robot lawyer, offering to fight parking fines and other citizen cases using AI, has been hit with a range of lawsuits, the latest of which accuses the firm of practising law without a license."", ""Meanwhile, as a result of Steven Schwartz's case, several senior judges in the US now require lawyers to disclose whether AI was used for court filings."", 'Mr Monaco thinks this will be both difficult to define and police.', '""Google uses AI within its search algorithm, and now it\'s using Bard. So even by googling anything, you are already using AI to do your legal research.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A ChatGPT-style AI assistant, developed by Microsoft and embedded into its office apps, will become available to all from 1 November, following trials.', 'Microsoft 365 Copilot can summarise meetings held in Teams for anyone who chooses not to attend.', 'It can also draft emails, create word documents, spreadsheet graphs, and Powerpoint presentations in moments.', 'Microsoft says it hopes the tool will eliminate ""drudgery"" but some worry tech like this will replace workers.', 'There are also concerns it could leave businesses dangerously reliant on AI-powered assistance.', 'In its current form, it could also fall foul of new rules governing AI, for failing to make clear when content has not been made by humans.', ""Both Europe's AI act and China's AI regulations state that people must know if they are interacting with artificial intelligence rather than humans."", 'Colette Stallbaumer, head of Microsoft 365, said it was up to the individual using Copilot to clarify that.', '""It is a tool, and people have responsibility to use it responsibly,"" she said.', '""I might not be telling you, when I send you that response, that I used an AI assistant to help me generate it. But the human is always in the mix and always in control.""', 'However, the EU states that it is up to the firms which develop AI tools to ensure they are used responsibly.', 'I was given an exclusive opportunity to try out Copilot, ahead of its wider launch.', 'It uses the same tech which underpins ChatGPT, created by OpenAI - a company Microsoft has invested billions of dollars in.  ', ""My demo was on the laptop of Derek Snyder, a Microsoft member of staff, because Copilot is embedded into an individual's account, with access to their own - or a company's own - data. "", 'Microsoft says the data is managed securely and will not be used to train the tech.', '""You only have access to data that you would otherwise be allowed to see,"" said Ms Stallbaumer. ""It respects data policies.""', 'My first impression of Copilot is that it will be a useful tool, but also a formidably competitive colleague for those who do office work - especially within companies looking to make savings.', 'I watched it confidently summarise in a few seconds, a long chain of emails regarding a fictional product launch.', 'It then suggested a brief response.  We used a simple drop-down menu to make that response longer and more casual, and the Chatbot generated a warm reply, expressing admiration for the ideas proposed and declaring excitement at being involved in the project - although none of us had actually read any of it.', 'We could then choose to edit the email before sending it, or select the AI-generated copy and send it in its entirety. There was no hint within the email that it contained content from Copilot.', 'I then saw the tool generate a multiple-slide Powerpoint presentation in around 43 seconds, based on the contents of a Word document. It can use images embedded within the document, if there are any, or it can search its own royalty-free collection. It created a simple but effective presentation - and it also wrote a suggested narrative to read out alongside it. ', 'It did not understand my request to make the presentation more ""colourful"" and referred me back to manual Powerpoint tools.', 'Finally, we looked at a Microsoft Teams meeting. ', 'Copilot identified themes and offered summaries of various threads which had run through the discussion. It could also summarise what one particular person had said if required, and in the event of a disagreement, it was able to offer, in a chart format, the pros and cons which had been debated. All of this took a few seconds.', 'It has been programmed not to answer questions about the performance of individuals in meetings - such as who was the best speaker (or worst).', 'I asked Mr Snyder whether he thought anyone would actually bother attending meetings, once they realised that Copilot could save them the time and effort.', '""A lot of meetings might become webinars,"" he joked.', 'The tech currently cannot differentiate between people who are on Teams but siting together sharing one device, unless they verbally cue each other. ', 'Copilot will cost $30 per month (which works out at around Â£25 in the UK). It is internet-connected and does not work offline.', 'Critics say this kind of tech is likely to lead to a huge disruption in admin-based jobs.', ""Carissa Veliz, associate professor at Oxford University's Institute for Ethics in AI, said she was also concerned about people becoming overly dependent on such tools."", '""What happens if the tech fails, or it might be hacked? There might be a glitch, or they might institute new policies that you might not agree with. And then, if you\'re so hooked on the system that you feel that you can\'t do without it anymore, what happens then?"" she said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""A company which enables its clients to search a database of billions of images scraped from the internet for matches to a particular face has won an appeal against the UK's privacy watchdog."", ""Last year, Clearview AI was fined more than Â£7.5m by the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) for unlawfully storing facial images."", 'Jack Mulcaire, Clearview AI\'s lawyer, said the firm was ""pleased"".', 'The ICO said it would ""take stock"" of the judgement.', 'Clearview AI offers its clients a system that works like a search engine for faces - users upload a photo and it finds matches in a database of billions of images it has collected. ', 'It then provides links to where matching images appear online.', ""In March, Clearview's founder Hoan Ton-That told the BBC it had run nearly a million searches for US police, helping them to solve a range of crimes, including murders."", 'He also revealed its database contained 30 billion images scraped from the internet.', 'Critics argue that law enforcement\'s use of Clearview\'s technology puts everyone into a ""perpetual police line-up"". ', ""And prior to the ICO's action, now ruled unlawful, France, Italy and Australia had also taken action against the firm."", 'This video can not be played', ""The BBC's James Clayton sees Clearview in action"", 'In the past Clearview AI had commercial customers, but since a 2020 settlement in a case brought by US civil liberties campaigners, the firm now only accepts clients who carry out criminal law enforcement or national security functions.', ""Clearview does not have UK or EU clients, but its customers are based in the US and in other countries including Panama, Brazil, Mexico, and the Dominican Republic, Tuesday's judgement revealed."", ""In simple terms, Clearview succeeded in appealing against the ICO's fine and enforcement action because it was used solely by law enforcement bodies outside the UK."", 'The three-member tribunal at the First-tier Tribunal, which heard the appeal, concluded that although Clearview did carry out data processing related to monitoring the behaviour of people in the UK, the ICO ""did not have jurisdiction"" to take enforcement action or issue a fine.', 'Explaining the decision James Castro-Edwards, data privacy lawyer from Arnold & Porter told the BBC that, ""Clearview only provided services to non-UK/EU law enforcement or national security bodies and their contractors.""', '""UK data protection law (UK GDPR) provides that acts of foreign governments fall outside its scope; it is not for one government to seek to bind or control the activities of another sovereign state"".', 'In response to the judgement, the ICO said that it would carefully consider next steps but added: ""It is important to note that this judgement does not remove the ICO\'s ability to act against companies based internationally who process data of people in the UK, particularly businesses scraping data of people in the UK, and instead covers a specific exemption around foreign law enforcement.""', 'Will Richmond-Coggan, a data protection partner at law firm Freeths, agreed, arguing that even though the appeal was allowed, the decision underlined that scraping large volumes of publicly available data was an activity to which UK data protection rules could apply. ', '""The appeal turned exclusively on the fact that Clearview\'s customers were overseas national security and law enforcement bodies, and so shouldn\'t be relied on as granting a blanket permission for such scraping activities more generally.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Bestselling thriller writer John Grisham says the ""threat"" to his profession from AI cannot be ""truly appreciated... explained or predicted"".', 'He is among a group of writers who have accused OpenAI of unlawfully training its artificial-intelligence-based chatbot ChatGPT on their work.', 'Jonathan Franzen, Jodi Picoult and George RR Martin are among those joining the recent group legal action.', 'Grisham told BBC One\'s Breakfast programme: ""It\'s my turn to file suit.""', 'He said: ""For 30 years, I\'ve been sued by everyone else - for slander, defamation, copyright, whatever - so it\'s my turn.""', 'OpenAI said last month it respected the rights of authors, ""they should benefit from AI technology"" and the company was ""optimistic we will continue to find mutually beneficial ways to work together"".', 'In a wide-ranging interview, Grisham also discussed his long-awaited sequel to his hit second novel, The Firm.', 'Published in 1991 and turned into a Hollywood blockbuster starring Tom Cruise, The Firm is an intriguing tale about a Memphis law firm set up by the Mafia to launder money and enable tax evasions. ', 'The Exchange follows protagonists Mitch and Abby McDeere after they exposed the firm and fled the country.', 'So why did it take more than 30 years to write?', '""I can\'t just sit down and force a story to happen,"" Grisham told the Breakfast.', '""I have to be inspired... to write the novel. In the meantime, there are so many other books to write. I kept thinking about Mitch and how much fun it would be to bring him back. I had no idea it would take so long.""', 'But will Cruise reprise his role as Mitch?', '""I hope so - it\'s not in the works yet,"" Grisham told the Breakfast. ', '""If Tom wants to do it, it will be done. If Tom doesn\'t want to do it, it probably won\'t be done.""', 'The fascination with crime and legal drama was because ""we have an addiction to violence"" and  people ""love big sensational trials"", Grisham told the Breakfast. ', 'But he was ""more pessimistic"" about the legal system today.', '""For the past 15 years, I\'ve served on two boards dedicated to exonerating innocent people who are in prison,"" Grisham told the Breakfast. ', '""I\'ve come to realise there are are thousands of innocent people in prison - they all go back to a bad verdict.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology is ""too important not to get right"", a top Google executive has told the BBC.', 'It has the potential for ""huge breakthroughs"" across industries, said Matt Brittin, president of Google for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.', 'There has been a long-running global debate about the risks and rewards of AI.', 'Mr Brittin was speaking as Google agreed a joint research partnership with the University of Cambridge.', ""As part of it, the tech giant will provide a grant for the university's new Centre for Human-Inspired AI, where academics and scientists from Cambridge and Google will come together."", 'The long-term agreement will focus on a number of areas including robotics, healthcare and climate change.', ""The partnership comes ahead of the UK's AI safety summit at Bletchley Park, at which the government hopes some of the biggest names in the industry will convene."", 'It has been prompted by an intensifying debate about the potential benefits of AI - and attempts by regulators in multiple countries to devise regulations for the rapidly advancing field.', '""If we get it right, there could be huge breakthroughs in health, the potential for unlimited, clean energy, and a society where everyone has opportunities through education and powerful, intelligent tools. ', '""So this is a huge opportunity for us to do that,"" said Mr Brittin.', 'Vice president of research at Google DeepMind, and professor of information engineering at Cambridge University, Zoubin Ghahramani told the BBC the research the new centre would do could help address climate problems.', 'AI tools have been used to optimise flight paths to reduce the amount of contrails - vapour trails left across skies by aeroplanes.', '""It may not seem like an obvious use, but it is actually very valuable to address the impact of air travel,"" Prof Ghahramani said.', ""Mr Brittin said sustainability and solutions for addressing a climate crisis had been a long-term focus for Google and its AI arm, DeepMind, saying its research helped reduce energy consumption and costs in the tech giant's data centres."", '""I joined the company in 2007, and that was the year we became carbon neutral - we became one of the world\'s biggest purchasers of renewables,"" Mr Brittin said, adding that Google\'s recent UK power purchase agreements will see services used in the country running on almost entirely carbon-free energy by 2025.', 'He also pointed to global projects such as sequencing traffic lights to reduce pollution, and using Google Maps to find fuel-efficient routes or the best place for solar panels.', 'Others, though, have raised concerns that the AI revolution Google is helping to fuel is causing great environmental damage, with one academic calling it ""an enormous extractive industry for the 21st Century"".', ""A recent study suggested the sector's explosive growth could soon see it use as much energy as a country the size of the Netherlands, leading its author to say AI should be used only where absolutely necessary."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['German Chancellor Olaf Scholz may turn down his invitation to a major UK summit on artificial intelligence, the BBC understands.', 'The government is hosting an event aimed at tech leaders, academics and political leaders to discuss AI safety on 1 November.', 'The agenda will focus on specific future threats posed by the rapidly evolving tech, such as cyber security.', 'Britain has mooted setting up a global AI watchdog to monitor developments.', ""While no guest list has been published of an expected 100 participants, some within the sector say it's unclear if the event will attract top leaders. "", 'A government source insisted the summit is garnering ""a lot of attention"" at home and overseas. ', 'The two-day meeting is due to bring together leading politicians as well as independent experts and senior execs from the tech giants, who are mainly US based.  ', 'The first day will bring together tech companies and academics for a discussion chaired by the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, Michelle Donelan.', 'The second day is set to see a ""small group"" of people, including international government figures, in meetings run by PM Rishi Sunak.', 'It will be held in Bletchley Park, the Buckinghamshire country house which was once the top-secret headquarters of World War Two codebreakers.  ', 'Though no final decision has been made, it is now seen as unlikely that the German Chancellor will attend.', 'That could spark concerns of a ""domino effect"" with other world leaders, such as the French President Emmanuel Macron, also unconfirmed.  ', 'Government sources say there are heads of state who have signalled a clear intention to turn up, and the BBC understands that high-level representatives from many US-based tech giants are going.', 'The foreign secretary confirmed in September that a Chinese representative has been invited, despite controversy. ', ""Some MPs within the UK's ruling Conservative Party believe China should be cut out of the conference after a series of security rows."", 'It is not known whether there has been a response to the invitation.', 'China is home to a huge AI sector and has already created its own set of rules to govern responsible use of the tech within the country. ', ""The US, a major player in the sector and the world's largest economy, will be represented by Vice-President Kamala Harris."", 'In what was seen as a political win for Downing Street, the UK-hosted AI summit was announced during an overseas trip by PM Rishi Sunak to the US in June.', 'Britain is hoping to position itself as a key broker as the world wrestles with the potential pitfalls and risks of AI.', 'However, Berlin is thought to want to avoid any messy overlap with G7 efforts, after the group of leading democratic countries agreed to create an international code of conduct. ', 'Germany is also the biggest economy in the EU - which is itself aiming to finalise its own landmark AI Act by the end of this year.', 'It includes grading AI tools depending on how significant they are, so for example an email filter would be less tightly regulated than a medical diagnosis system.', ""The European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen is expected at next month's summit, while it is possible Berlin could send a senior government figure such as its vice chancellor, Robert Habeck."", 'The UK is currently planning to fold AI regulation into existing bodies: so for example, if a person feels discriminated against by an AI tool, they would contact the Equalities Commission.', 'But many experts in the space are calling for an international, UN-style regulator to oversee AI on a global level.', 'A source from the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology said: ""This is the first time an international summit has focused on frontier AI risks and it is garnering a lot of attention at home and overseas.', '""It is usual not to confirm senior attendance at major international events until nearer the time, for security reasons."" ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Kensington and Chelsea Council has admitted it is using US surveillance software on two estates but insisted it was to ""keep residents safe"".', 'The technology, which uses AI software to analyse CCTV images, is being trialled at Trellick Tower and Markland House in North Kensington.', 'Councillor Sof McVeigh said it had already assisted police apprehend one resident accused of carrying a machete.', 'But another councillor said tenants were being treated like suspects.', 'The west London council was forced to confirm the use of the US surveillance kit Fusus after media platform OpenDemocracy reported it was the only council in the country doing so.Â\xa0', 'Ms McVeigh said: ""I do have to speak in support of them, because just relatively recently, a few weeks ago, a local operative was looking at these CCTV camera images of a resident going into a lift with a machete and we called the police and he was apprehended.', '""CCTV does have a very important role to play in the safety of all our tenants.""', 'Ms McVeigh added that the technology uses the internet to send pictures to a central reporting station, which can only be accessed by appointed officers and that Fusus and no other external party has access to the data. ', 'However, independent councillor Emma Dent Coad questioned why Kensington and Chelsea was the only council trialling the software.', '""In America, it was used to identify activists in Black Lives Matter and in China to entrap Uyghur Muslims and it has been banned in the EU. They are no longer using this kind of technology,"" she said.', '""CCTV is one thing, this is a step up. I really think people need to understand exactly what it is and the implications of it, where it\'s been banned in some areas.""', 'Ms McVeigh accused Ms Dent Coad of making ""odd comments"" about residents and said the technology was being used to keep people safe.', 'She said the residents had been aware of the trial which would last for 60 days. ', '""We are only going to look to implement this if more residents agree, so we will be consulting on this,"" she added.', 'Listen to the best of BBC Radio London on Sounds and follow BBC London on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to hello.bbclondon@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Filters and Photoshop move over, artificial intelligence (AI) is the new trend for creating online profile pictures.', 'Over the summer a video went viral on TikTok. It was captioned ""using this trend to get a new LinkedIn headshot"".', 'In the short clip, a young woman shows both how she looks in real life, and the professional-looking headshot photos that she created using an AI-powered app called Remini. The video has now been watched 52.3 million times, and a host of similar ones from other TikTokers have also been extensively viewed. ', 'Remini, and competitors such as Try It On AI and AI Suit Up, use AI-based software to create slick profile photos that aim to look as if they were taken by an expert photographer.', 'With Remini you are asked to upload eight to 10 selfies, preferably taken from different angles, and all in good lighting. The AI uses those pictures to learn about the way you look.', 'Then just a few minutes later it will start creating artificial photos of you looking very smart and even glamorous, with your hair in different styles or positions, and you wearing different clothes while sitting in perfect lighting. ', 'It also gives you faultless skin, and improves your make-up. Plus, you get different backdrops. And some users find that it makes them look thinner. ', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'The results are somewhat in the eye of the beholder - some say they are realistic, while others find that the images look artificial. ', 'But while previous online image manipulation trends, such as drastically changing your hair or eye colour, have been about having fun on social media, this one is very much focused on LinkedIn and other job hunting websites.', 'For some the attraction of the AI services is that they are cheap.', 'Divya Shishodia, 24, a digital marketer, from Australia, says that while AI headshots ""are obviously generated, some people might not have the budget to go and get a professional headshot taken"".', 'While going to a professional photographer can cost more than Â£100, Remini and the other providers will generally give you free trials lasting a few days.', '""I\'m not saying they\'re the most realistic, but for the amount of time and effort you have to put in... the output is worth it,"" says Ms Shishodia. She adds that, by contrast, if you try to take a decent profile photo yourself it can be very difficult.', '""You need angles, lighting, you are trying to avoid shadowsâ\x80¦ only actual photographers can do it.""', 'For Michelle Genobisa, 26, from Aalborg, Denmark, it is the low to no cost of the AI generated profile photos that she is on board with. ', '""I quite often change my looks, like my hair colourâ\x80¦ so it was an easy way to collect some pictures with the effect of a professional photoshoot,"" she says. ""To get that kind of photo taken, professionally, it\'s very expensive.""', 'Others are less impressed by the technology, such as Molly McCrann, a 25-year-old actor from Australia. ""I just think it looks so fake, you can tell that it looks heavily edited, or it looks like AI,"" she says.', '""When I posted mine it made me look so skinny, and I don\'t look like that.""', 'Ms McCrann adds that she thinks it is probably better to show prospective employers what you actually look like. ', 'However, she is also prepared to see the other side of the argument. ""Someone wrote a comment that I actually agree with - if this company is going to base off looks, I want to get in the room. And if this is going to get me in the room, then I am going to use AI headshots to get the interview.""', 'But what about the potential impact that AI-improved images can have on our self-esteem? Consumer psychologist Dr Paul Marsden says there are two sides to the issue.', 'This video can not be played', 'Users divided over AI generated profile pictures', '""On one hand it could allow us to put our best self forward, and the image of ourselves that we want to project to the world, and in turn motivate us to be that way inclined in real life,"" he tells the BBC.', '""The psychology of first impressions is how we make snap decisions based on initial impressions, and by using AI people can put themselves in the running to potentially be considered for an opportunity. On the other hand it could affect people\'s self-worth and beliefs that they themselves are not good enough comparatively to their AI generation resulting in low confidence.""', 'Do recruiters care? Tristan Barthel from London-based Tate Recruitment has seen a big rise in the number of people using AI to improve their photos. ', 'He says that it makes no difference in how he deals with a person\'s application. ""I can see if a picture has been AI generated, and it wouldn\'t affect my decision, for me it\'s about the qualifications.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The artificial intelligence (AI) industry could consume as much energy as a country the size of the Netherlands by 2027, a new study warns.', 'Big tech firms have scrambled to add AI-powered services since ChatGPT burst onto the scene last year.', 'They use far more power than conventional applications, making going online much more energy-intensive.', ""However, the study also said AI's environmental impact could be less than feared if its current growth slowed."", 'Many experts, including the report author, say such research is speculative as tech firms do not disclose enough data for an accurate prediction to be made.', 'There is no question, though, that AI requires more powerful hardware than traditional computing tasks. ', 'The study, by Alex De Vries, PhD candidate at the VU Amsterdam School of Business and Economics, is based on some parameters remaining unchanged - such as the rate at which AI is growing, the availability of AI chips, and servers continuing to work at full pelt all the time.', 'Mr De Vries considered that the chip designer Nvidia is estimated to supply about 95% of the AI processing kit required by the sector.', 'By looking at the amount of these computers it is expected to deliver by 2027, he was able to approximate a range for the energy consumption of AI of 85-134 terrawatt-hours (TWh) of electricity each year. ', 'At the top end that is roughly the amount of power used annually by a small country.', '""You would be talking about the size of a country like the Netherlands in terms of electricity consumption. You\'re talking about half a per cent of our total global electricity consumption,"" he told BBC News.', 'Nvidia declined to comment.', 'Mr De Vries said his findings showed that AI should be used only where it is really needed.', 'His peer-reviewed study has been published in the journal Joule.', ""AI systems such as the large language models that power popular chatbots, like OpenAI's ChatGPT and Google's Bard, require warehouses full of specialist computers - called data centres - to work."", 'That means the equipment is more power-hungry and, like traditional kit, it also needs to be kept cool, using water-intensive systems.', ""The research did not include the energy required for cooling. Many of the big tech firms don't quantify this specific energy consumption or water use. Mr de Vries is among those calling for the sector to be more transparent about it."", 'But there is no doubt demand for the computers that power AI is mushrooming - and with it the amount of energy needed to keep those servers cool.', 'Danny Quinn, boss of the Scottish data centre firm DataVita, said his company has gone from receiving ""one or two enquiries a week"" at the start of 2023 about using his facility to house AI kit, to receiving hundreds. ', 'He also described the difference in energy use between a rack containing standard servers, and one containing AI processors. ', '""A standard rack full of normal kit is about 4 kilowatts (kW) of power, which is equivalent to a family house. Whereas an AI kit rack would be about 20 times that, so about 80kW of power. And you could have hundreds, if not thousands, of these within a single data centre.""', ""He added that Scotland's colder and wetter climate provided a natural advantage in helping the data centres with keeping equipment cool, but it is still a huge task."", 'In its latest sustainability report, Microsoft, which is investing heavily in AI development, revealed that its water consumption had jumped by 34% between 2021 and 2022, to 6.4 million cubic metres, around the size of 2,500 Olympic swimming pools. ', 'Prof Kate Crawford, who wrote a book about AI and its impact on the environment, said the issue kept her awake at night.', 'Speaking to the BBC in July, she said: ""These energy-intensive systems take enormous amounts of electricity and energy, but also enormous amounts of water to cool these gigantic AI supercomputers. So we are really looking at an enormous extractive industry for the 21st Century.""', 'But there are also hopes that AI could help solve some of the environmental challenges facing the planet.', 'Google and American Airlines recently found pilots could halve the amount of contrails (vapour trails) created by aircraft by using an experimental AI tool to select altitude. Contrails are known to contribute to global warming.', 'And the US government is among those spending millions of dollars on trying to recreate nuclear fusion - the way the Sun gets its energy. ', 'Success here would be a real game changer, in the form of a limitless, green power supply. AI could speed up the research, which has been going on since the 1960s with very slow progress.', 'In February this year, university academic Brian Spears said he had used AI to predict an outcome in an experiment which resulted in a breakthrough.', '""For 100 trillionths of a second, we produced ten petawatts of power. It was the brightest thing in the solar system,"" he wrote.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Snapchat has been accused of a ""worrying failure"" to assess the potential privacy risks its AI chatbot poses to users - especially children - by the UK\'s data watchdog.', 'The Information Commissioner\'s Office (ICO) warned it could close down the My AI feature in the UK after a ""preliminary investigation"".', 'The US company said it was ""closely reviewing"" the provisional findings.', 'The tool lets users message a computer which mimics human conversation.', 'Snapchat describes it as an ""evolving feature"" which is powered by ChatGPT, an online AI tool which uses new technology to convincingly imitate realistic responses.', 'Snap, the parent company behind Snapchat, became the first social media platform to adopt an artificial intelligence-powered chat function earlier this year.', 'The app has 21 million users in the UK, many of whom are children. The ICO said it was particularly concerned about the potential privacy risks for 13- to 17-year-old users.', 'Snap said it would ""work constructively"" with the ICO after it issued a preliminary notice against the company, adding that it had carried out a ""robust legal and privacy review"" before the function went public.', 'The data watchdog stressed its findings are not final and it has not concluded that the company breached any data protection laws.', ""At this stage the notice is a signal to Snap to ensure My AI complies with data protection rules which includes the Children's Design Code. "", ""The watchdog's code contains 15 standards that online services need to follow. This ensures they are complying with their obligations under data protection law to protect children's data online."", 'The ICO said that if a final enforcement notice was to be adopted, Snap might not be able to offer the My AI function to UK users until the company carries out ""an adequate risk assessment"".', 'The company describes My AI as ""an experimental and friendly"" chatbot designed to be a personal sidekick to each Snapchatter who chats with it.', ""The feature, which can be used as an assistant to plan day trips or create menus, has more than two million chats per day happening on the app, according to Snap's boss Evan Spiegel."", 'It was made available to all Snapchat users in April, after being launched for a fee in February.', 'Since then, the social media platform said ""a lot of progress"" had been made in its capabilities although it admitted that ""mistakes may occur"". ', '""My AI may answer incorrectly, provide biased answers or note it is unsure of the answers so don\'t rely on its advice,"" the company said.', 'Snap has also been criticised for being unclear over whether the chatbot can access private information such as location data.', '""Snapchat can only ever access your location if you consent to share it,"" the firm said.', 'One of the other concerns about My AI is - because of how young users of Snapchat skew - whether they really understand the implications of data collection.', '""Privacy is a foundational value for us - it is critical to our core use case of helping people visually communicate with their friends and family,"" the platform stressed.', 'Information Commissioner John Edwards said, ""The provisional findings of our investigation suggest a worrying failure by Snap to adequately identify and assess the privacy risks to children and other users before launching My AI.', '""We have been clear that organisations must consider the risks associated with AI, alongside the benefits.', '""Today\'s preliminary enforcement notice shows we will take action in order to protect UK consumers\' privacy rights.""', ""In the case of serious breaches, the ICO has the power to issue fines of Â£17.5 million or 4% of a company's annual worldwide turnover from the preceding financial year, whichever is higher."", 'A Snap spokeswoman said: ""We are closely reviewing the ICO\'s provisional decision.', '""Like the ICO, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users.', '""In line with our standard approach to product development, My AI went through a robust legal and privacy review process before being made publicly available.', '""We will continue to work constructively with the ICO to ensure they\'re comfortable with our risk assessment procedures.""', ""Snap will now have a chance to respond to the regulator's concerns before the ICO makes its final decision."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['More than 100 Palestinians are reported to have been killed while waiting for aid to be delivered in northern Gaza.', 'The Hamas-run health ministry blamed Israeli forces, and Palestinian media cited medical sources saying Israeli troops fired at the crowd. ', 'An Israeli military source said troops opened fire as they believed soldiers were in danger.', 'The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said dozens of Palestinians were killed being trampled and run over by lorries.', 'A journalist who was at the scene told the BBC that Israeli tanks fired on a crowd who had come to get supplies. The Israeli military said it had no knowledge of shelling in the area.', 'Graphic videos posted on social media show bodies loaded onto emptied aid lorries and a donkey cart near Nabulsi roundabout on Rashid Street, the coastal road west of Gaza City.', ""It happened hours before Gaza's health ministry announced that more than 30,000 people, including 21,000 children and women, had been confirmed killed since the start of the war between Israel and Hamas."", 'Some 7,000 others have been reported as missing and 70,450 have been treated for injuries over the past four months, according to the ministry.', 'The UN is also warning of a looming famine in the north of the territory, where an estimated 300,000 people are living with little food or clean water.', 'The Israeli military launched a large-scale air and ground campaign to destroy Hamas - which is proscribed as a terrorist organisation by Israel, the UK and others - after its gunmen killed about 1,200 people in southern Israel on 7 October and took 253 other people back to Gaza as hostages.', 'Health ministry spokesman Ashraf al-Qudra said 104 people were killed and 760 others wounded at the Nabulsi roundabout early on Thursday morning, and blamed Israeli forces for what he described as a ""massacre"".', 'He warned that dozens of casualties in a critical or severe condition had been brought to the nearby al-Shifa Hospital, in Gaza City, and that medics there were unable to cope with the volume and severity of cases.', 'The director of the Kamal Adwan hospital in the northern town of Beit Lahia, Hussam Abu Safieyah, told Reuters that it had received the bodies of 10 people and dozens of wounded from western Gaza City. ""We don\'t know how many there are in other hospitals,"" he added.', 'Paramedic Fares Afana also told the Associated Press that ambulance crews had found ""dozens or hundreds"" lying on the ground at the scene. He said some of the dead and wounded were being transported to hospitals on donkey carts because there were not enough ambulances. ', 'The official Palestinian news agency, Wafa, cited medical sources as saying that Israeli forces fired towards thousands of people from Gaza City and other northern areas as they waited at Nabulsi roundabout for the arrival of lorries loaded with humanitarian aid.', 'At al-Shifa Hospital, one man who was cradling the body of this dead friend, Tamer Shinbari, told the BBC he had gone to Nabulsi roundabout hoping to get a bag of flour for his family who are sheltering in schools in Jabalia.', 'He said Israeli soldiers opened fire ""and the aid lorry ran over the bodies"".', 'The IDF released night-time aerial surveillance video in which hundreds of people can be seen crowding round at least seven lorries in the same area.', '""The footage shows how numerous people surrounded the trucks and as a result, dozens were killed and injured from pushing, trampling and being run over by the trucks,"" an IDF statement said.', '""The IDF will continue to assist in the transfer and coordination of humanitarian aid.""', 'But an Israeli military source also said Israeli troops securing the aid lorries opened fire at several people among the crowd after they approached the troops ""in a manner that posed a threat"".', 'The north of Gaza suffered widespread devastation after being the focus of the first phase of the Israeli ground offensive.', 'It has been largely cut off from humanitarian assistance for several months despite some relief efforts by UN aid agencies.', ""Last week, the World Food Programme said it had been forced to suspend aid deliveries to northern Gaza after its first convoy in three weeks was surrounded by crowds of hungry people close to the Israeli military's Wadi Gaza checkpoint, and then faced gunfire in Gaza City. "", 'Another convoy faced what it called ""complete chaos and violence due to the collapse of civil order"". Several lorries looted in central Gaza and a driver was beaten, while the remaining flour was ""spontaneously distributed"" upon entering Gaza City.', 'On Tuesday, a senior UN aid official warned that at least 576,000 people across the Gaza Strip - one quarter of the population - faced catastrophic levels of food insecurity and were at risk of famine.', 'He also warned that one in six children under the age of two in the north were suffering from acute malnutrition and wasting.', ""On Wednesday, Gaza's health ministry said six children had died from dehydration and malnutrition at hospitals in northern Gaza. Two of the death were at al-Shifa and four at the Kamal Adwan, it added."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Police and private companies should ""immediately stop"" the use of facial recognition surveillance, says a group of politicians and privacy campaigners.', 'They have raised concerns around human rights, potential for discrimination and ""the lack of a democratic mandate"".', 'It comes after the government announced plans for police to access passport photos to help catch criminals.', 'The Home Office said facial recognition had ""a sound legal basis"" and had already led to criminals being caught.', 'A spokesperson added that the technology could also aid police in searching for missing or vulnerable people, and free up officers to ""be out on the beat"" and to carry out complex investigations.', 'Live facial recognition cameras scan faces of the public in specific locations and compare these with people on ""watch lists"" who may be wanted by police or the courts in association with crimes.', 'Police forces using the technology in the UK inform citizens in advance about when and where it will be deployed, and display physical notices alerting those entering areas where it is active to the presence of cameras.', 'But this week, policing minister Chris Philp said he wanted officers to be able to access a wider range of databases for images besides those on its national database, which is limited to those who have been arrested. ', 'Campaigners have called for it to be banned ""immediately"".', '""This dangerously authoritarian technology has the potential to turn populations into walking ID cards in a constant police line up,"" says Silkie Carlo, the director of privacy organisation Big Brother Watch.', 'The group calling for the ban includes parliamentarians from the Conservatives, Labour, Liberal Democrat and Green parties, along with campaigning organisations such as Amnesty, Index on Censorship and Big Brother Watch.', 'The UK\'s surveillance camera commissioner has also criticised the plans, saying they could damage public trust and make passport-holders feel as if they were in a ""digital line-up"".', ""South Wales Police has been criticised over its live facial recognition use at events including Harry Styles and BeyoncÃ© concerts in Cardiff. The Metropolitan Police has used it several times this year, including at the King's Coronation in May."", 'Both forces have said that if a person is not on a watch list, the biometric data will be immediately deleted and not stored.', 'In April, Frasers Group - which operates Sports Direct, Flannels and House of Fraser - defended its use of live facial recognition cameras in some of its shops, saying the system provided by FaceWatch had helped cut crime since being installed. ', 'Ms Carlo, of Big Brother Watch, argued the UK\'s ""approach to face surveillance makes us a total outlier in the democratic world, especially against the backdrop of the EU\'s proposed ban"".', ""Members of the European Parliament agreed to ban live facial recognition using AI in a draft of its Artificial Intelligence (AI) Act - the EU's landmark legislation categorising different applications of AI according to their harm to the public. "", 'The Home Office said the government was ""committed to making sure the police have the tools and technology they need to solve and prevent crimes, bring offenders to justice, and keep people safe"".', '""Facial recognition, including live facial recognition, has a sound legal basis that has been confirmed by the courts and has already enabled a large number of serious criminals to be caught, including for murder and sexual offences,"" a spokesperson said.', 'They added there was a ""robust legal framework for it use"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A campaign using artificial intelligence to impersonate Omar al-Bashir, the former leader of Sudan, has received hundreds of thousands of views on TikTok, adding online confusion to a country torn apart by civil war.', 'An anonymous account has been posting what it says are ""leaked recordings"" of the ex-president since late August. The channel has posted dozens of clips - but the voice is fake. ', ""Bashir, who has been accused of organising war crimes and was toppled by the military in 2019, hasn't been seen in public for a year and is believed to be seriously ill. He denies the war crimes accusations."", 'The mystery surrounding his whereabouts adds a layer of uncertainty to a country in crisis after fighting broke out in April between the military, currently in charge, and the rival Rapid Support Forces militia group.', 'Campaigns like this are significant as they show how new tools can distribute fake content quickly and cheaply through social media, experts say.', '""It is the democratisation of access to sophisticated audio and video manipulation technology that has me most worried,"" says Hany Farid, who researches digital forensics at the University of California, Berkeley, in the US.', '""Sophisticated actors have been able to distort reality for decades, but now the average person with little to no technical expertise can quickly and easily create fake content.""', 'The recordings are posted on a channel called The Voice of Sudan. The posts appear to be a mixture of old clips from press conferences during coups attempts, news reports and several ""leaked recordings"" attributed to Bashir. The posts often pretend to be taken from a meeting or phone conversation, and sound grainy as you might expect from a bad telephone line.', ""To check their authenticity, we first consulted a team of Sudan experts at BBC Monitoring. Ibrahim Haithar told us they weren't likely to be recent:"", '""The voice sounds like Bashir but he has been very ill for the past few years and doubt he would be able to speak so clearly.""', ""This doesn't mean it's not him."", 'We also checked other possible explanations, but this is not an old clip resurfacing and is unlikely to be the work of an impressionist.', 'The most conclusive piece of evidence came from a user on X, formerly Twitter.', 'They recognised the very first of the Bashir recordings posted in August 2023. It apparently features the leader criticising the commander of the Sudanese army, General Abdel Fattah Burhan.', 'The Bashir recording matched a Facebook Live broadcast aired two days earlier by a popular Sudanese political commentator, known as Al Insirafi. He is believed to live in the United States but has never shown his face on camera. ', ""The pair don't sound particularly alike but the scripts are the same, and when you play both clips together they play perfectly in sync."", 'Comparing the audio waves shows similar patterns in speech and silence, notes Mr Farid. ', 'The evidence suggests that voice conversion software has been used to mimic Bashir speaking. The software is a powerful tool that allows you to upload a piece of audio, which can be changed into the different voice. ', ""After further digging, a pattern emerged. We found at least four more of the Bashir recordings that were taken from the same blogger's live broadcasts. There is no evidence he's involved. "", ""The TikTok account is exclusively political and requires deep knowledge of what's going on in Sudan, but who benefits from this campaign is up for debate. One consistent narrative is criticism of the head of the army, Gen Burhan."", ""The motivation might be to trick audiences into believing that Bashir has emerged to play a role in the war. Or the channel could be trying to legitimise a particular political viewpoint by using the former leader's voice. What that angle might be is unclear."", 'The Voice of Sudan denies misleading the public and says they are not affiliated with any groups. We contacted the account, and received a text reply saying: ""I want to communicate my voice and explain the reality that my country is going through in my style.""', 'An effort on this scale to impersonate Bashir can be seen as ""significant for the region"" and has the potential to fool audiences, says Henry Ajder, whose series on BBC Radio 4 examined the evolution of synthetic media. ', 'AI experts have long been concerned that fake video and audio will lead to a wave of disinformation with the potential to spark unrest and disrupt elections.', '""What\'s alarming is that these recordings could also create an environment where many disbelieve even real recordings,"" says Mohamed Suliman, a researcher at Northeastern University\'s Civic AI Lab. ', ""As we've seen with this example, people should question whether the recording feels plausible before sharing.  "", ""Checking whether it was released by a trusted source is vital, but verifying audio is difficult, particularly when content circulates on messaging apps. It's even more challenging during a time of social unrest, such as that currently being experienced in Sudan.  "", 'The technology to create algorithms trained to spot synthetic audio is still at the very early stages of development, whereas the technology to mimic voices is already quite advanced.', 'After being contacted by the BBC, TikTok took down the account and said it broke their guidelines on posting ""false content that may cause significant harm"" and their rules on the use of synthetic media.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""They sing, they dance, they model, but they don't exist in real life - virtual influencers are trying to break out of the metaverse and into the charts."", 'From Alvin and The Chipmunks to Gorillaz, and Hatsune Miku to Polar, the music industry is no stranger to virtual characters as popstars.', 'Like many of today\'s human artists, they\'ve won Grammy Awards, held concerts as holograms, and can even be ""cancelled"" over controversial comments.', 'Noonoouri, a digital character created by German designer Joerg Zuber, is the latest blue-haired, doll-faced virtual influencer to land a record deal.', ""Created using motion capture and advanced graphics, she's been signed to Warner Music as its first avatar artist, rubbing shoulders (virtually) with Ed Sheeran, Dua Lipa, Cardi B and Ashnikko at one of the industry's biggest labels."", 'Her vocals, built in part using artificial intelligence (AI) tools, have seen her dubbed an ""AI popstar"".', ""And while Warner Music says AI only played a minor part in the creation of Noonoouri's vocals, her signing still comes amid growing concerns over the role AI plays in music creation, and whether it will displace or defraud artists by duplicating their sound, style or image."", 'Marec Lerche, head of business development at Warner Music Central Europe, says Noonoouri and digital creations like her can offer labels more experimentation and flexibility.', '""You can appear in different places at the same time, you can change her style in a minute - we can make Nonooouri fly if we want, because it feels natural to her,"" he says.', '""She is already a digital character so there are more opportunities than with a human artist in that respect.""', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', ""Noonoouri's pivot to music follows that of another top virtual influencer, Lil Miquela, who first began to release tracks in 2017, and has received millions of views for her music videos on YouTube."", 'It comes as streaming now reigns supreme in the music industry, and artists - like screenwriters and actors in Hollywood - are fighting for a bigger slice of revenues. ', 'Musicologist Dr Shara Rambarran says virtual influencers-turned-popstars entering the arena may unsettle IRL (in real life) musicians ""who want to put their music out there and not have to have that [additional] competition"".', ""As an almost entirely virtual creation, Warner Music's new signing is not exactly your average artist."", 'Similarly to ""vocaloids"" like Hatsune Miku - who evolved out of voice synthesiser software into a fully sketched character - Noonoouri has been created using a combination of different technologies to virtually dance, sing and strut down runways.', 'She has 400,000 followers on Instagram, a modelling contract, and a doll-like appearance that can be tweaked or transformed at the click of a button.', 'Mr Zuber, who works at a design studio in Munich, says Noonoouri is a ""lifetime project"" for him.', ""It was fleshed out by him and his team of five people as a character that originally could speak about and highlight the world's problems in a lifelike, 3D form. "", '""We started with the hair, the drawings of the fabric, the movement and everything, and I slipped into a motion capture suit to walk as her... to define her movements, her gestures and everything,"" he says.', 'Mr Zuber adds that the team was keen to give Noonoouri a more ""techie"" than human sounding voice - which meant overlaying his base vocals for the character with a melodic track from a professional singer.', ""Algorithms were then used to automatically correct Noonoouri's original vocal recordings and help the team match the speed, tempo and pitch of the singer's voice."", 'Her signing to Warner comes against the backdrop of concerns in the music industry over the rise of the technology.', ""While artists such as Grimes and David Guetta have said they are embracing such tech to experiment with their music production, the likes of Sting and Ed Sheeran have criticised the use of AI. Meanwhile, Hozier recently told the BBC's Newsnight that he would consider striking over the threat posed to the industry by AI."", 'Jamie Njoku-Goodwin, chief executive of industry association UK Music, says that many in the industry are excited about the opportunities AI might give artists and producers, but figuring out the regulatory and legal landscape so it ""can enable human creativity, not erode it"" is key.', '""It\'s about knowing what content and what data AI is being trained on, [and] about ensuring there\'s adequate labelling so we know whether or not a piece of music is AI-generated,"" he says.', ""Dr Shara Rambarran has written about virtual musicians, and says that while the trend of digital popstars is unlikely to abate in future, it's also unlikely to usurp tangible humans topping the charts. "", '""It\'s not a new concept at all, they\'ve always existed in some shape or form,"" she says.', '""But will it overtake everything in the music industry? I don\'t think so. I think there\'s going to be room for everybody.', '""There\'s always going to be another innovative creation we\'re going to be talking about and if this doesn\'t work out, something\'s going to replace it.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Top songwriters who've worked with artists including Doja Cat, Jonas Brothers and BTS say artificial intelligence (AI) isn't something to be afraid of."", ""BBC Newsbeat spoke to the people behind some of the world's biggest hits on the red carpet at the BMI London Awards."", 'Opinions on the technology are split, but writers tell us AI can be a useful tool.', ""Some use it to mimic the voice of an artist they're writing for to check how a track sounds, or to break through bouts of writers' block. "", ""But they all agree that AI can't imitate the artistry and human emotion that goes into making music."", 'One person who knows all about that is Linden Jay.', ""He was one of the writers on Doja Cat's Woman, which won Song of the Year at the awards ceremony."", 'Linden welcomes AI as a tool, but not something that should fully replace the craft of writing a good song. ', '""I\'ve been using it a little bit in my writing just to help advance ideas,"" he says. ', '""And, you know, I\'m not the greatest singer in the world so sometimes I sing and I\'ll turn it into a famous artist\'s voice, just to get an idea of if something is headed in a good direction.""', ""Linden's co-writer on Woman, Aaron Horn, agrees."", '""I think it\'s a tool that people can utilise to help fill in the gaps,"" he says.', '""It\'s just great to have new tools... tools are always coming into the studio.""', ""Although he says he hasn't used AI much, Aaron compares it to rhyming dictionary, a widely used online platform that suggests rhymes for poems and lyrics."", 'In Aaron and Linden\'s view, ""a good song is a good song"" and the industry shouldn\'t be afraid of embracing new technologies. ', ""Jessica Agombar, who wrote What a Man Gotta Do for the Jonas Brothers, says she's found inspiration with AI."", 'She\'s been impressed by some of the ""mind-boggling"" capabilities like the voice mimicking Linden identified.', 'That ability did worry some singers, after an unauthorised track released this year used AI cloned vocals from Drake and The Weeknd.', ""But despite the boss of Spotify saying the app wouldn't completely ban AI-made music, Jessica thinks artistry will be preserved."", '""For me, there\'s always art in organic songwriting and producing, putting your own vocals on the record, and having some rough sketches of bad notes and bum notes,"" she says.', '""Because that\'s rock and roll - I\'m more for that than the whole clean, polished AI, computerised thing.""', ""Kamille, best known for her work with Little Mix, Mabel and Kylie Minogue, says it's important technology doesn't make the process of writing a song too easy."", '""I try my best to stay away from it,"" she says. ', '""I just feel like I want to just lean on my own brain and make sure I\'m not losing that craft I have and becoming too dependent on it.', '""I definitely feel like the key of songwriting is getting the emotion out from you and your heart.', '""I think that\'s a really important part that we shouldn\'t lose as much as technology advances.""', ""For anyone considering a career in the industry, the writers say it's best not to rely too much on AI."", '""I don\'t think machines can do it on their own unless they were gonna write music for machines,"" says Aaron.', '""Embrace AI and believe in yourself,"" he says. ""Explore your own experience and humanity - that\'s what AI can\'t draw upon.""', 'Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Tom Hanks has warned an advert that appears to be fronted by him is in fact an artificial intelligence (AI) fake.', '""There\'s a video out there promoting some dental plan with an AI version of me,"" the actor wrote on Instagram.', '""I have nothing to do with it,"" he added.', 'Hanks has previously spoken about the ""artistic challenge"" that AI poses his industry, and the issue has been central to recent strikes by high-profile Hollywood actors and writers.', 'As AI systems have grown in power and sophistication, so have concerns about their ability to create ever more realistic virtual versions of real people - what are sometimes called deepfakes.', 'A number of celebrities - including the consumer financial expert, Martin Lewis - have had their likenesses used in deepfakes, which are often used to scam people.', 'The use of deepfakes in pornography, sometimes used as a form of revenge, prompted the government to toughen the law in England and Wales to make it easier to prosecute offenders.', 'Faked AI images and videos of politicians are also exacerbating the problem of online misinformation. Former US President Donald Trump and the current leader of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky, are among those who have been targeted.', 'In September, Google announced it would require any political adverts that ran on its platform to disclose if they had been created with AI.', 'AI video manipulation can also be used in non-controversial ways - for example, the pioneering virtual concerts featuring the band Abba.', 'The possibility of AI being used to extend the careers of performing artists was one Hanks discussed when he appeared on the Adam Buxton podcast in May.', '""We saw this coming, we saw that there was going to be this ability to take zeros and ones from inside a computer and turn it into a face and a character. That has only grown a billion-fold since then and we see it everywhere,"" he said.', '""Anybody can now recreate themselves at any age they are by way of AI or deepfake technology. I could be hit by a bus tomorrow and that\'s it, but performances can go on and on and on and on.""', 'Fears about being displaced by AI have helped drive a wave of strikes that have disrupted Hollywood, with Stranger Things and the Last of Us among the shows to be affected.', 'The Writers Guild of America (WGA), which represents screenwriters, recently reached a tentative agreement with studio bosses to bring their industrial action to an end.', 'However, a separate dispute involving actors - which is also partly motivated by fears about AI resulting in fewer acting jobs - remains unresolved.', 'Sign up for our morning newsletter and get BBC News in your inbox.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Charity supporters have threatened to stop donating if the Air Ambulance goes ahead with controversial base closures.', 'A review proposes moving helicopters from Welshpool, Powys, and Caernarfon, Gwynedd, to Rhuddlan in Denbighshire.', 'The charity said this would ""ensure as many people as possible"" benefit and allow it to respond to 139 extra calls a year.', 'Beryl Vaughan from Llanerfyl has helped raised Â£110,000 for the charity, but said she ""would be thinking twice"".', 'There are four Air Ambulance bases in total, the other two are in Cardiff and Llanelli, Carmarthenshire. ', 'Russell George, Member of the Senedd for Montgomeryshire, said many of his constituents planned on stopping donations if the mid Wales base closes.', '""We live in a very rural area and we do need it. We\'ve got to keep the Air Ambulance base in Welshpool.""', 'During public engagement the review heard concerns that - if bases close - donations from those areas could ""decrease and destabilise the service"".', 'In Welshpool town centre, friends Louise Clare and Jan Lee had different views. ', 'Ms Clare said: ""I do support it, but if it moved to north Wales, I wouldn\'t be so keen. I guess I feel it\'s local, so you pay for it to be here.""', 'Ms Lee added: ""Mine is a lottery donation and I\'ve been doing it for donkey\'s years. I don\'t think I would change it, because wherever it goes it\'s going to be needed.""', 'Sarah Pritchard, who lives in the town said donations could be hit ""because people are angry about it"".', '""I hate to think that anyone would stop supporting it because everybody needs the Air Ambulance, however it\'s half and half,"" she said. ', 'Leaders of health boards and trusts in Wales have identified what they describe as ""the two strongest options"" for improving the service.', 'Both plans would close the Welshpool and Caernarfon air bases and open a new one near the A55, with two options: ', 'According to the review, the first plan would treat an extra 139 patients annually, with 208 more under the second.', 'Campaigners who want to keep the Welshpool site claim people living in rural areas would lose out. ', 'Bob Benyon said: ""We can\'t rationalise how they can justify closing Welshpool which can access 1,258,000 people in 24 minutes. ', '""That\'s an incredible 477,000 more than the proposed base at Rhuddlan. So, it\'s inevitable that the response times will be slower to a lot of people.', '""They will have to circumnavigate the Clwydian Range, to reach not only Welshpool but Newtown, Llandrindod Wells, Ceredigion, Aberystwyth.""', 'Stephen Harrhy, chief ambulance services commissioner for Wales, is leading the review and said experts were advising on the location and would not ""put helicopters in a base with worse flying conditions"".', 'The Wales Air Ambulance said medical teams in Welshpool and Caernarfon were under used and it supported the aim of the review to address underuse and unmet need. ', 'It added that all donations would be ""used in the most effective, patient-focused way"".', '""This means saving as many lives across Wales as possible and, in doing so, making sure that no community is materially disadvantaged,"" it said.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Documents disclosed to the BBC have shed light on the use of AI-powered chatbot technology within government.', 'The chatbots have been used to analyse lengthy reports - a job that would normally be done by humans.', 'The Department for Education, which ran the trial, hopes it could boost productivity across Whitehall.', 'The PCS civil service union says it does not object to the use of AI - but clear guidelines are needed ""so the benefits are shared by workers"".', 'The latest generation of chatbots, powered by artificial intelligence (AI), can quickly analyse reams of information, including images, to answer questions and summarise long articles. ', 'They are expected to upend working practices across the economy in the coming years, and the government says they will have ""significant implications"" for the way officials work in future.', 'The education department ran the eight-week study over the summer under a contract with London-based company Faculty.ai, to test how so-called large language models (LLMs) could be used by officials.', ""The firm's researchers used its access to a premium version of ChatGPT, the popular chatbot developed by OpenAI, to analyse draft local skills training plans that had been sent to the department to review."", 'These plans, drawn up by bodies representing local employers, are meant to influence the training offered by local further education colleges.', ""Results from the pilot are yet to be published, but documents and emails requested by the BBC under Freedom of Information laws offer an insight into the project's aims."", 'According to an internal document setting out the reasons for the study, a chatbot would be used to summarise and compare the ""main insights and themes"" from the training plans.', 'The results, which were to be compared with summaries produced by civil servants, would test how Civil Service ""productivity"" might be improved. ', 'It added that language models could analyse long, unstructured documents ""where previously the only other option for be for individuals to read through all the reports"".', 'But the project\'s aims went further, with hopes the chatbot could help provide ""useful insights"" that could help the department\'s skills unit ""identify future skills needs across the country"".', 'The pilot offers a glimpse into government-wide efforts in recent years to boost the use of new technologies within the civil service, but also raises questions over how they could be used to shape policy.', 'Government guidance published in June suggests officials can use tools such as ChatGPT as part of their research, or to summarise academic or news reports, if they verify the results.', 'But they are currently banned from inputting any sensitive information, or information that could reveal the ""intent of government"". The guidance is set to be reviewed later this year.', 'Renate Samson, a researcher at the Ada Lovelace Institute, a think tank, said there was enthusiasm within both central and local government for using language models to analyse documents and draft reports.', 'She added that as the technology evolves, the government would need to consider the potential for ""unintended consequences"" in areas like bias, privacy and security.', 'Rupert McNeil, who until last year was head of HR for the Civil Service, said work to measure the potential impact of AI-based automation started in 2018 as part of proposed reforms in the wake of Brexit.', 'He suggested that writing draft ministerial correspondence, as well as the ""first, boring stage"" of drafting new legislation, were areas where chatbot technology could play an increasing role.', 'He added that although automation was likely to eliminate the need for some more junior jobs, it could ""take away a lot of tedium"" from some work, and reduce ""post code lotteries"" for businesses dealing with regulatory bodies.', 'But he added civil servants would be required to take decisions, whilst people with ""technical discernment"" would also be required to identify when AI tools get things wrong.', 'The PCS union, which represents civil servants below the senior ranks, is working with other unions to draw up proposals on using AI within the civil service, to be shared with the government in the coming months.', 'The suggestions are expected to cover areas including the redeployment of staff as the technology evolves, the impact on job descriptions, and proposed rules on how AI is used for government work.', 'Its general secretary, Mark Serwotka, said the PCS did not object in principle to AI being used by officials, but regulation was required ""so the benefits are shared by workers"".', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Apple's chief executive Tim Cook said the firm wants to hire more staff in the UK, in contrast to redundancies seen across the tech sector."", 'He said the company wants to take on more staff to work in artificial intelligence (AI).', 'It comes a day after Fortnite-maker, Epic Games, announced it was cutting 16% of its workforce.', 'Big firms including Amazon, Meta, Google and Microsoft have cut tens of thousands of jobs since 2022.', 'Mr Cook has been critical of the trend of tech layoffs and in May, he called it a ""last resort"".', 'Instead, he told the PA news agency when asked about AI and jobs in the UK: ""We\'re hiring in that area, yes, and so I do expect [investment] to increase.""', 'Companies are pouring money into AI. Amazon announced an investment of up to $4bn (Â£3.3bn) in San Francisco-based AI firm Anthropic on Monday.', ""That followed Microsoft's multibillion dollar investment in ChatGPT maker OpenAI in January."", 'Technology Secretary Michelle Donelan said Apple\'s decision was ""another vote of confidence in our burgeoning tech sector"".', '""Apple\'s ongoing investment in brilliant British talent highlights our global credentials as both an AI and technology superpower,"" she wrote on X, the microblogging site formerly known as Twitter.', 'Antony Walker, deputy chief of techUK, the industry association, said: ""The transformative nature of AI will certainly boost staff headcount in AI businesses over the next couple of years.""', 'But he added: ""In the long term, the skills need of the AI-powered economy of the future is harder to predict. That is why businesses and government should work together on a long-term strategy that puts training in digital skills and lifelong learning at the core."" ', 'Meanwhile, Tim Pullan, CEO of ThoughtRiver, which provides AI for legal professionals, said he thought the global economy was at the start of ""an AI-driven revolution"".', '""It\'s vitally important that the UK is at the forefront of this transformation,"" he said.', '""As a country, we have huge potential to grow as an AI superpower, and I\'m sure this is the start of a trend which will see more and more companies looking to take advantage of the UK\'s deep tech expertise, and the UK benefiting from the investment and innovation that this will bring.""', 'Mr Cook said AI was behind several prominent features on Apple devices, such as software that detects if a person has fallen or been in a crash, as well as more commonly-used tools such as predictive typing.', '""It\'s literally everywhere on our products and of course we\'re also researching generative AI as well, so we have a lot going on,"" he said.', 'Generative AI - artificial intelligence which can create media based on text prompts - continues to be a target of investment for big firms despite widespread concerns over its impact of copyright, or ownership.', 'That is because the software ""learns"" by analysing a massive amount of data often sourced online and people are concerned it draws on their copyrighted work.', 'It has led to high-profile lawsuits in the US, with authors George RR Martin and John Grisham suing OpenAI over claims their books were used to train the system.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Brain surgery using artificial intelligence could be possible within two years, making it safer and more effective, a leading neurosurgeon says.', 'Trainee surgeons are working with the new AI technology, to learn more precise keyhole brain surgery.  ', 'Developed at University College London, it highlights small tumours and critical structures such as blood vessels at the centre of the brain.', 'The government says it could be ""a real game-changer"" for healthcare in the UK. ', 'Brain surgery is precise and painstaking - straying a millimetre the wrong way could kill a patient instantly. ', ""Avoiding damaging the pituitary gland, the size of a grape, at the centre of the brain, is critical. It controls all the body's hormones - and any problems with it can cause blindness. "", '""If you go too small with your approach, then you risk not removing enough of the tumour,"" National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery consultant neurosurgeon Hani Marcus says.', '""If you go too large, you risk damaging these really critical structures."" ', 'The AI system has analysed more than 200 videos of this type of pituitary surgery, reaching, in 10 months, a level of experience it would take a surgeon 10 years to gain.', '""Surgeons like myself - even if you\'re very experienced - can, with the help of AI, do a better job to find that boundary than without it,"" Mr Marcus says.', '""You could, in a few years, have an AI system that has seen more operations than any human has ever or could ever see."" ', 'Trainee Dr Nicola Newell also finds it ""very helpful"". ', '""It helps me orientate myself during mock surgery and helps identify what steps and what stages are coming up next,"" she says.', 'AI government minister Viscount Camrose says: ""AI makes everybody massively more productive whatever it is you do.', '""It kind of almost makes you the Marvel superhero version of yourself.""', 'He said this type of technology could be a game-changer for healthcare, improving outcomes for everyone and offering a ""very promising"" future.', 'University College London (UCL) is one of 22 universities recently given government money to help revolutionise healthcare in the UK.', 'Engineers, clinicians and scientists are working together on the project at the Wellcome / Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) Centre for Interventional and Surgical Sciences.', 'Follow @tulipmazumdar on X, formerly known as Twitter.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Meta has announced a series of new chatbots to be used in its Messenger service. ', 'The chatbots will have ""personality"" and specialise in certain subjects, like holidays or cooking advice. ', 'It is the latest salvo in a chatbot arms race between tech companies desperate to produce more accurate and personalised artificial intelligence.', 'The chatbots are still a work in progress with ""limitations"", said boss Mark Zuckerberg.', 'In California, during Meta\'s first in-person event since before the pandemic, Mr Zuckerberg said that it had been an ""amazing year for AI"".', 'The company is calling its main chatbot ""Meta AI"" and can be used in messaging. For example, users can ask Meta AI questions in chat ""to settle arguments"" or ask other questions. ', 'The BBC has not yet tested the chatbot which is based on Llama 2, the large language model that the company released for public commercial use in July. ', 'Several celebrities have also signed up to lend their personalities to different types of chatbots, including Snoop Dogg and Kendall Jenner. ', 'The idea is to create chatbots that are not just designed to answer questions.', '""This isn\'t just going to be about answering queries,"" Zuckerberg said. ""This is about entertainment"". ', 'According to Meta, NFL star Tom Brady will play an AI character called \'Bru\', ""a wisecracking sports debater"" and YouTube star MrBeast will play \'Zach\', a big brother ""who will roast you"". ', 'Mr Zuckerberg said there were still ""a lot of limitations"" around what the bots could answer.', 'The chatbots will be rolled out in the coming days and only in the US initially.', 'Mr Zuckerberg also discussed the metaverse - a virtual world - which is a concept that Mr Zuckerberg has so far spent tens of billions of dollars on. ', 'Although Meta had already announced its new virtual reality headset, Quest 3, the company gave further details at the event.', 'Meta\'s boss described the headset as the first ""mainstream"" mixed reality headset. Cameras facing forward will mean the headset will allow for augmented reality. It will be available from 10 October.', ""The firm's big, long-term bet on the metaverse still appears yet to pay off, with Meta's VR division suffering $21bn (Â£17bn) in losses since the start of 2022."", 'The Quest 3 came after Apple entered the higher-priced mixed reality hardware market with the Vision Pro earlier this year.', 'Mat Day, global gaming strategy director for EssenceMediacom, said Mark Zuckerberg had ""reinvigorated"" the VR sector.', '""Meta\'s VR roadmap is now firmly positioned around hardware priced for the mass market. This is a stark contrast to Apple\'s approach which is aimed at the high end tech enthusiast,"" he said.', ""Meta's announcement came on the same day as rival OpenAI, the Microsoft-backed creator of ChatGPT, confirmed its chatbot can now browse the internet to provide users with current information. The artificial intelligence-powered system was previously trained only using data up to September 2021."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['The boss of Spotify says he has no plans to completely ban content created by artificial intelligence from the music streaming platform.', 'Earlier this year the platform pulled a track featuring AI-cloned voices of the performers Drake and The Weeknd.', 'Daniel Ek told the BBC there were valid uses of the tech in making music - but AI should not be used to impersonate human artists without their consent.', 'He said using AI in music was likely to be debated for ""many, many years"". ', 'Mr Ek, who rarely speaks to the media, said that he saw three ""buckets"" of AI use: ', '""It is going to be tricky,"" he said when asked about the challenge the industry was facing. ', 'While AI is not banned in all forms on the platform the company does not allow its content to be used to train a machine learning or AI model, the likes of which can then produce music. ', 'Artists are increasingly speaking out against the use of AI in the creative industries. ', 'Last month the Irish musician Hozier said he would consider striking over the threat of AI to his profession.', 'He told BBC Newsnight that he wasn\'t sure the tech ""meets the definition of art"".', 'Neither Drake nor The Weeknd were aware of cloned versions of their voices being used on the song, Heart on My Sleeve. The track was removed from Spotify and other streaming platforms in April.', 'Its creator, Ghostwriter, later tried to have the track nominated for a Grammy award but it was turned down. ', '""You can imagine someone uploading a song, claiming to be Madonna, even if they\'re not. We\'ve seen pretty much everything in the history of Spotify at this point with people trying to game our system,"" Mr Ek said.', '""We have a very large team that is working on exactly these types of issues."" ', 'In May, the Financial Times reported that thousands of tracks had been removed from Spotify after a discovery that bots were being used to artificially inflate their streaming figures.', ""Mr Ek also discussed the platform's huge investment in podcasts - including those from high-profile figures like Michelle and Barack Obama and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Neither has been re-commissioned."", ""The deal with Harry and Meghan cost a reported $25m (Â£18m) and saw just 12 episodes delivered over two and a half years. A Spotify executive recently reportedly spoke disparagingly about the pair's work ethic."", '""The truth of the matter is some of it has worked, some of it hasn\'t,"" said Mr Ek of the firm\'s decision to ""challenge Apple"" as the market-leading podcast platform by taking on a lot of new creators.', '""Five years ago Spotify was nowhere in podcasting.""', ""Separately, the firm confirmed that Russell Brand's podcast would remain on Spotify unless the material itself was found to have breached its own terms and conditions. "", 'Acast, which owns the podcast, said it had suspended advertising revenue from it as the comedian remains under investigation over allegations of sexual assault.', 'The reason Sweden-based Daniel Ek was in the UK was to discuss regulation. He said the firm is supportive of the incoming Online Safety Bill, designed to make the internet safer for children, and the ongoing Digital Markets and Competition Bill, which aims to improve competition by closely scrutinising the tech giants.', ""Mr Ek has long been a vocal critic of the policies of Apple and Google's app stores, on which Spotify relies. Both companies charge smaller developers a 15% commission on in-app purchases, with this rising to 30% for developers with revenue of more than $1m."", 'Spotify has also complained that Apple makes it hard for the business to communicate directly with its customers and promote its services elsewhere. ', '""We are in a situation where literally two companies in the world control how over four billion consumers access the internet,"" said Mr Ek.', '""If you think now on a company like Spotify, where we already pay out almost 70% of our revenues back to the creative community, if we were to take the 30% out of our cut it essentially means we\'re left with zero, which means we have to close shop.""', 'In April 2021, the European Commission (EC) charged Apple with breaking EU competition rules over this, following a complaint from Spotify in 2020. In February the EC scaled back its objections against Apple although there has yet to be a final ruling.', 'Apple said it was continuing to work with the EC. It added that the vast majority of European developers make less than $1m in revenue and qualify to pay Apple a 15% commission rate.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['A sleepy town in southern Spain is in shock after it emerged that AI-generated naked images of young local girls had been circulating on social media without their knowledge.', 'The pictures were created using photos of the targeted girls fully clothed, many of them taken from their own social media accounts. ', 'These were then processed by an application that generates an imagined image of the person without clothes on.', ""So far more than 20 girls, aged between 11 and 17, have come forward as victims of the app's use in or near Almendralejo, in the south-western province of Badajoz. "", '""One day my daughter came out of school and she said \'Mum there are photos circulating of me topless\',"" says MarÃ\xada Blanco Rayo, the mother of a 14-year-old. ', '""I asked her if she had taken any photos of herself nude, and she said, \'No, Mum, these are fake photos of girls that are being created a lot right now and there are other girls in my class that this has happened to as well.\'""', 'She says the parents of 28 girls affected have formed a support group in the town.', 'Police are now investigating and according to reports, at least 11 local boys have been identified as having involvement in either the creation of the images or their circulation via the WhatsApp and Telegram apps. ', 'Investigators are also looking into the claim that an attempt was made to extort one of the girls by using a fake image of her.', 'The impact the images\' circulation has had on the girls affected varies. Ms Blanco Rayo says her daughter is bearing up well, but that some girls ""won\'t even leave their house"".', ""Almendralejo is a picturesque town with a population of just over 30,000 which is known for its production of olives and red wine. But it's not used to the sudden attention this case has brought, making the town national headline news. "", ""That's in great part because of the efforts of one of the girls' mothers, Miriam Al Adib. She's a gynaecologist who has used her already prominent social media profile to place this issue at the centre of Spanish public debate."", 'Although many of the AI images are believed to have been created over the summer, the case only came to light in recent days after Dr Adib posted a video reassuring the girls affected and their parents.', '""We didn\'t know how many children had the images, if they had been uploaded to pornographic sites - we had all those fears,"" she says.', '""When you are the victim of a crime, if you are robbed, for example, you file a complaint and you don\'t hide because the other person has caused you harm. But with crimes of a sexual nature the victim often feels shame and hides and feels responsible. So I wanted to give that message: it\'s not your fault.""', 'The suspects in the case are aged between 12 and 14. Spanish law does not specifically cover the generation of images of a sexual nature when it involves adults, although the creation of such material using minors could be deemed child pornography. ', 'Another possible charge would be for breaching privacy laws. In Spain, minors can only face criminal charges from the age of 14 upwards.', 'The case has caused concern even for local people who are not involved.', '""Those of us who have kids are very worried,"" says Gema Lorenzo, a local woman who has a son, aged 16, and a daughter, aged 12. ', '""You\'re worried about two things: if you have a son you worry he might have done something like this; and if you have a daughter, you\'re even more worried, because it\'s an act of violence.""', 'Francisco Javier Guerra, a local painter and decorator, says the parents of the boys involved are to blame. ""They should have done something before, like take their phones away, or install an application that tells them what their children are doing with their phone.""', 'This is not the first time such a case has become news in Spain. Earlier this year, AI-generated topless images of the singer RosalÃ\xada were posted on social media.', '""Women from different parts of the world have written to me explaining that this has happened to them and they don\'t know what to do,"" says Miriam Al Adib. ', '""Right now this is happening across the world. The only difference is that in Almendralejo we have made a fuss about it.""', 'The concern is that apps such as those used in Almendralejo are becoming increasingly commonplace.', 'Javier Izquierdo, head of children\'s protection in the national police\'s cyber-crime unit, told Spanish media that these kinds of crimes are no longer confined ""to the guy who downloads child porn from the Dark Web or from some hidden internet forum"". ', 'He added: ""That obviously is still going on, but now the new challenges we are facing are the access that minors have at such an early age [to such technology], such as in this case.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Artificial intelligence could destabilise the world order unless governments act, the deputy prime minister is to warn.', ""Oliver Dowden will tell the UN the pace of development risks outstripping governments' ability to make it safe. "", 'The UK will host a global summit to discuss AI regulation, in November.', 'There are fears without rules AI could eventually destroy jobs, supercharge misinformation or entrench discrimination.', '""The starting gun has been fired on a globally competitive race in which individual companies as well as countries will strive to push the boundaries as far and fast as possible,"" Mr Dowden will tell the United Nations general assembly in New York. ', '""At the moment, global regulation is falling behind current advances.""', 'In the past, governments have created regulations in response to technological developments - but now, rules must be made in parallel with the development of AI.', 'AI companies should not ""mark their own homework, just as governments and citizens must have confidence that risks are properly mitigated"". ', 'And only action by nation states can reassure the public the most significant national-security concerns have been allayed.', 'Mr Dowden will also warn, however, against becoming ""trapped in debates about whether it is a tool for good or a tool for ill - it will be a tool for both"".', 'Many experts have been surprised by the rapid increase in the capabilities of some AI systems. ""We\'ve seen horizons compress,"" Prof Andrew Rogoyski, of the University of Surrey, told BBC News.', 'But Faculty.ai boss Marc Warner said it was important to distinguish between narrow AI designed to fulfil a specific task such as looking for signs of cancer in radiology scans and general artificial intelligence.', '""These are powerful algorithms that have emergent properties that, at the moment, we can\'t... always predict when they\'re about to develop,"" he said.', '""And while I personally am not super-worried about the current generation of technologies, I think it\'s only sensible that government should start looking ahead to more and more powerful versions and what might be done about it.', '""I\'ve been following the field of AI safety now for 10 or 15 years - and two to three years ago nobody cared about this conversation. ', '""And so for me, even starting an international conversation, a serious international conversation about AI safety, is a success in itself."" ', 'Other leading AI companies agree there is a need for regulation. Following a recent closed-door meeting of technology bosses, in Washington, Elon Musk said there was an ""overwhelming consensus"" for it.', 'But Yasmin Afina, of the Chatham House international-affairs think tank, said reaching a quick international agreement would be difficult.', 'Compared with nuclear weapons, about which ""it took so many years for people to agree on something"", she said, ""AI is so complex, so different as a technology, I don\'t think that it will be easy to negotiate something that people will agree on.""', 'Smaller countries, marginalised communities and people belonging to ethnic minorities also needed to have meaningful input. ""As long as they\'re not at the table and [don\'t] actually have a voice, they will just be left out,"" Ms Afina said.', ""Prime Minister Rishi Sunak wants the UK to take the lead. But last month, the Commons Science, Innovation and Technology Committee warned without the rapid introduction of a law, the European Union's AI Act could become a global standard, displacing UK efforts."", 'Mr Warner, previously a member of the now defunct AI council which advised government,  said the UK could potentially take a lead in technology to make AI safe, if was prepared to invest.', '""That feels like a very practical middle path,"" he said, ""because there isn\'t actually that much money going into that at the moment.""', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Google's AI firm DeepMind has used artificial intelligence to identify changes in human DNA that might cause diseases."", 'The researchers believe they have pinpointed 89% of all the key mutations.', 'The development is expected to speed up diagnosis and help in the search for better treatments.', 'A leading independent scientist told BBC News that the work was ""a big step forward"".', 'Prof Ewan Birney, deputy director general of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, said: ""It will help clinical researchers prioritise where to look to find areas that could cause disease.""', 'The technique works by checking the order of the components in human DNA strands.', 'All living organisms are built from DNA. It is made from four blocks of chemicals called adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G) and thymine (T). In humans, when an embryo is developing, the order of these letters are read to produce proteins, which are the building blocks of the the cells and tissues that make up various parts of the body.', ""But if the letters are in the wrong order - perhaps because of an inherited disorder - the body cells and tissues aren't made properly - and this can lead to disease."", ""Last year Google DeepMind's AI worked out the shape of nearly all proteins in the human body. "", 'The new system, called AlphaMissense, can tell If the letters in the DNA will produce the correct shape. If not, it is listed as potentially disease-causing.', 'Currently genetic disease hunters have fairly limited limited knowledge of which areas of human DNA can lead to disease. They have classified 0.1% of letter changes, or mutations, as either benign or disease causing.', ""Google DeepMind's Pushmeet Kohli said that the new model pushed that percentage up to 89%."", 'Currently, researchers have to search for potentially disease-causing regions across billions of chemical building blocks that make up DNA. That has now changed, according to Mr Kohli.', ""''Researchers can now focus their efforts on the new areas, that they were not aware of and we have highlighted as potentially disease-causing,'' he said. "", 'The new tool - published in the journal Science - has been tested by Genomics England, who work with the NHS. According to Dr Ellen Thomas, who is the deputy chief medical officer at Genomics England, the health service will be among the first organisations to benefit from the new development. ', '""The new tool is really bringing  a new perspective to the data. It will help clinical scientists make sense of genetic data so that it is useful  for patients and for their clinical teams,"" she said.', 'Prof Birney said he expected AI to become a massive part of molecular biology and life sciences.', '""I don\'t know where it\'s going to end but it\'s changing nearly everything we do at the moment,"" he said.', 'Follow Pallab on X, formerly known as Twitter', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""The inquiry into Gatwick Airport's plan to use its emergency runway for routine flights has heard from business groups in favour and local people opposed to the scheme."", ""Chambers of commerce from Sussex, Surrey and Kent argued it would bring hundreds of millions to the area's economy."", 'Local people highlighted the disruption flights already bring to their lives.', 'The inquiry being held in Crawley is due to last six months. ', 'Anna Christie, the chief executive of the Sussex Chamber of Commerce who was also speaking on behalf of the Surrey chamber, told the hearing ""future development will continue to support growth and jobs"".', 'She said the chamber would act as a ""critical friend"" to the airport over its environmental impact.', 'Richard Lavender, from the Kent Invicta Chamber of Commerce, also fully supported the expansion plan, saying it would ""improve the resilience of air traffic in the South East"" with ""quieter, more efficient and greener aircraft"".', 'Gavin Stewart, the executive director of the Brighton and Hove Economic Partnership, said the extra passengers the expansion would bring could represent an extra Â£630m being spent by tourists.', 'And Charlie Cooper, the operations manager at a local building firm which is a contractor at Gatwick Airport, described the proposed growth as ""simply a no-brainer, the benefits will outweigh the negatives"".', '""These plans give us the confidence to invest and develop,"" he said.', 'Jane Shufflebotham, who lives near the airport, said she was ""passionately and wholeheartedly against this plan"", which she said would be ""profoundly damaging to the environment"".', 'She said: ""It\'s not just a bad idea, but an environmental catastrophe in the making... a decision based on pure greed.""', 'Another local resident, Patricia Routledge, said even now people living near Gatwick could not open their windows or enjoy their gardens in the summer.', '""If Gatwick has its way, this hell will increase,"" she told the hearing.', '""No consideration is being given to those living beneath the flight path. It\'s a cheap, inadequate fix for Gatwick.""', 'And Dr Roger Hood, who lives in the village of Capel, 5 miles (8km) west of the airport, questioned the economic need for its expansion.', '""London already has five international airports,"" he said.', 'Responding to the issues raised on Wednesday, John Rhodes from Gatwick Airport said: ""Gatwick Airport really does take its environmental responsibilities very seriously.""', 'In terms of its ground operations he said the airport had put forward a carbon action plan which it was hoped would make the airport achieve net zero by 2030, a plan which would happen regardless of whether the northern runway wins approval.', 'He also assured those concerned with night flights that the new runway would not be used between 23:00 GMT and 06:00 except in emergencies.', 'Follow BBC South East on Facebook, on X, and on Instagram. Send your story ideas to southeasttoday@bbc.co.uk or WhatsApp us on 08081 002250.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Traffic cameras equipped with artificial intelligence (AI) could be introduced in Lincolnshire as a way of reducing fatal crashes. ', ""The county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) Marc Jones will discuss this and other safety measures at a road safety summit next week."", 'The camera systems are being trialled in Devon and Cornwall to catch drivers using phones or not wearing seatbelts.', 'Mr Jones said he hoped to identify ideas that can be implemented locally. ', 'He believes the East of England and East Midlands Road Safety Summit will offer the chance to share best practice. ', 'Speakers include roads and local transport minister Richard Holden, road safety experts and PCCs from across the East of England and East Midlands.', 'Mr Jones said: ""In Lincolnshire over the last few years we have made encouraging steps forward in our bid to keep our roads safe - however the number of tragic incidents on our roads has remained too high and we must do more.""', 'The AI cameras have already been used in a week-long trial at sites across East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire - resulting in 239 people being fined for using their mobile phone or not wearing a seatbelt.', 'As well as the AI cameras, the summit will look at a scheme in Northamptonshire which allows local residents to apply for grants of up Â£5,000 to improve road safety in their communities.', 'The conference will also hear about ""Vision Zero"" - a strategy that sees no road death as ""inevitable"" - which was first implemented in Sweden in the 1990s and has reduced road deaths there from 541 in 1997 to 192 in 2021.Mr Jones said: ""We should never accept needless and pointless deaths on our roads and I will continue to seek the most effective ways to keep our road users safe and this event represents an excellent opportunity to learn from others.""', 'Follow BBC News South West on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Send your story ideas to spotlight@bbc.co.uk', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""Disney is combining forces with Asia's richest man in a bid to solve challenges weighing down its streaming business in India."", ""The company said it was merging its Star India service with Viacom18, which is backed by Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries, in a deal worth $8.5bn."", 'Reliance will lead the new business, which is poised to be one of the biggest media forces in India.', 'It has pledged to inject $1.4bn (Â£1.1bn) to help the firm grow.', 'Mr Ambani, who built his fortune in the chemical and oil industries and is now worth more than $100bn according to Forbes, called it a ""landmark agreement that heralds a new era in the Indian entertainment industry"".', 'The companies said they expected the deal, which needs approval from regulators to proceed, to be completed at the end of this year or early next year.', 'The combined firm would boast more than 120 channels, serving some 750 million customers across the country. ', 'Viacom18, which was created in 2007 as a partnership between Reliance and Paramount, currently runs about 40 channels including MTV, Nickelodeon and the Hindi-language Colors, as well as the JioCinema streaming service. ', ""It has been challenging Disney's Star business in India, which the company inherited when it purchased a chunk of Rupert Murdoch's Fox empire in 2019."", ""In 2022, Reliance outbid Disney for rights to stream the popular India Premier League cricket tournament, sparking a sizable fall in subscribers to Disney's Hotstar streaming service. "", ""The company's Star sports channels also reported declines in subscribers and advertisers in the 12 months to September 2023."", 'Disney boss Bob Iger said the joint venture would keep Disney present in the large Indian market while benefiting from Reliance\'s ""deep understanding of the Indian market and consumer"".', 'But the deal values Star India at less than a third of what it was in 2019 when Disney took on the business, sources told the Reuters news agency.', ""Disney will own a roughly 37% stake in the joint venture, which will have exclusive rights to distribute Disney's films and productions in India."", 'Viacom18 will hold a roughly 47% share, and Reliance another 16%.', 'India has emerged as a key battleground in the streaming business, as giants such as Netflix and Amazon invest heavily to try to seize part of what is seen as a rapidly growing market. ', ""Nita Ambani, Mr Ambani's wife, will serve as chairperson of the new company."", 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Alex Dunne won the British F4 Championship as a rookie in 2022', '""Ever since I was a little kid, the goal has been Formula 1. It is now one step closer.""', 'Every young, up and coming driver dreams of making it to Formula 1, yet only a handful achieve that dream. ', 'However, one teenager from Ireland has the belief he can make it to the pinnacle of motorsport by letting his ability shine through.', 'Alex Dunne has only been racing cars for two years but has made a big impression.', 'He blew everyone out of the water to win the British F4 championship in 2022 and almost claimed the GB3 Championship as a rookie the following year. ', 'Despite these stellar performances, it looked as if he would have to watch on as those who have produced nowhere near the same level of results moved up the ladder onto the Formula 1 package.', 'Dunne joins F3 grid with MP Motorsport', 'Then came the Macau Grand Prix - one of the most prestigious street races anywhere in the world. In his first time racing a Formula 3 car, Dunne, who only got a late call-up, finished second in the qualifying race. ', 'Although he crashed out of the Macau Grand Prix, he had announced himself with a stunning debut in Formula 3 machinery. ', 'It may not have been a weekend that secured him a deal on the Formula 1 support series, with work constantly going on with his family and sponsors in the background, but it made a big impression.', '""Macau definitely went better than expected, to be honest,"" Dunne said.', '""You have to believe in yourself and believe in your ability, but I had really little experience in F3 or street tracks.', '""I I said to my dad before we got there that, if I can manage to be in the top 10 I\'ll be over the moon, so the fact that I finished second in the first race, I was kind of in shock. ', '""I managed to adapt pretty quick and I\'m glad that was recognised.""', 'The 18-year-old will race for Dutch team MP Motorsport in Formula 3, which is the third tier of single-seater motorsport and races take place alongside the giants of Formula 1.', 'The deal came late in the off season, highlighted by the fact Dunne was the 28th of the 30 drivers to be announced for the season. ', '""It\'s going to be my first proper time racing with F1, which is something special,"" added Dunne.', '""It\'s going to feel slightly weird to be racing on the on the same weekends as Formula 1 and not sitting home, watching it from the telly. ', '""I\'m excited to get going and I\'m really glad that we managed to get the opportunity to race in F3. ', '""There was a lot of work that went into it and the deal was very last minute. When my dad told me it was happening and I was over the moon.', '""To be racing on the same weekends as Formula One is a dream come true.""', ""Unlike many of the Formula 3 grid, Dunne is not affiliated with a Formula 1 team's academy"", ""The last Formula 1 driver from the island of Ireland was Eddie Irvine way back in 2002. The closest anyone has been since was Adam Carroll a few years after Irvine's last Formula 1 race. "", 'Unlike the majority of the grid, the Offaly driver is not signed to the academy of or affiliated with a Formula 1 team but Dunne is hoping he can catch the eye of Formula 1 teams while racing in the support series.', '""I\'m racing against the best junior drivers in the world,"" said Dunne.', '""Racing on Grand Prix weekends, you are against all the big teams and Formula 1 teams will be watching the races.', '""When we just started to start to do this properly, I think we always had the attitude to be racing with the best against the best.""', 'For a driver who mas made a habit of making the most out of any opportunity that has come his way, Dunne could be a dark horse against some of the best junior drivers in the world. ', 'However, the youngster is keen to play down any expectations.', '""I wouldn\'t say I have a specific goal, aside from to do as well as possible,"" he said. ""I think the test in Bahrain was very positive. The pace was roughly in in the top five most of the time.', '""It\'s a rookie year, so it\'s going to be quite tough. There are a lot of very talented second-year drivers in the championship, but, realistically, if I do what I know I can then I don\'t see why we won\'t be running at the front. ', '""There\'s no point in having the a win one weekend, followed by two DNFs. If i just try and stay consistent and maximise what I can do, then hopefully we should be right at the sharp end.""', 'The man of the moment...: Rick Astley performs his hits and a cover of Olivia Rodrigo at Media Vale', ""How Trump's golf dream turned into a nightmare...: The controversial development in Aberdeenshire was greenlit with shocking consequences"", 'Smitha Mundasad explores whether anything can be done to get rid of it', 'Surprising facts and interesting history from the makers of QI', ""'Stay-at-home-daughter' Chi is suddenly forced to fend for herself when her parents die"", 'Rob Brydon unpicks the complex character of Barry Humphries aka Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['This video can not be played', ""Watch: 'Overwhelming consensus' to regulate AI, says Elon Musk"", 'Tesla CEO Elon Musk says there was ""overwhelming consensus"" for regulation on artificial intelligence after tech heavyweights gathered in Washington to discuss AI.', ""Tech bosses attending the meeting included Meta's Mark Zuckerberg and Google boss Sundar Pichai."", ""Microsoft's former CEO Bill Gates and Microsoft's current CEO Satya Nadella were also in attendance."", 'The Wednesday meeting with US lawmakers was held behind closed doors. ', 'The forum was convened by Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and included the tech leaders as well as civil rights advocates. ', 'The power of artificial intelligence - for both good and bad - has been the subject of keen interest from politicians around the world. ', 'In May, Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, testified before a US Senate committee, describing the potential pitfalls of the new technology.', 'ChatGPT and other similar programmes can create incredibly human-like answers to questions - but can also be wildly inaccurate.', '""I think if this technology goes wrong, it can go quite wrong...we want to be vocal about that,"" Mr Altman said. ""We want to work with the government to prevent that from happening,"" he said. ', 'There are fears that the technology could lead to mass layoffs, turbo charge fraud and make misinformation more convincing. ', 'AI companies have also been criticised for training their models on data scraped from the internet without permission or payment to creators. ', 'In April, Mr Musk told the BBC: ""I think there should be a regulatory body established for overseeing AI to make sure that it does not present a danger to the public.""', 'In Wednesday\'s meeting, he said he wanted a ""referee"" for artificial intelligence. ', '""I think we\'ll probably see something happen. I don\'t know on what timeframe or exactly how it will manifest itself,"" he told reporters after.', 'Mr Zuckerberg said that Congress ""should engage with AI to support innovation and safeguards"".', 'He added it was ""better that the standard is set by American companies that can work with our government to shape these models on important issues"".', 'Republican Senator Mike Rounds said it would take time for Congress to act. ', '""Are we ready to go out and write legislation? Absolutely not,"" Mr Rounds said. ""We\'re not there.""', 'Democrat Senator Cory Booker said all participants agreed ""the government has a regulatory role"" but crafting legislation would be a challenge.', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""It's widely recognised that we are bombarded with fast-paced imagery in the modern world, whether it's social media videos, or digital billboards in city spaces. But there has been a similar explosion in sound, says advertising entrepreneur Michele Arnese. He thinks brands can only compete with the help of artificial intelligence (AI)."", '""More and more the sound of a brand is like liquid,"" says Arnese. ""It goes everywhere and takes its shape according to the customer experience.""', 'Only AI, he argues, allows sound to shape-shift this way in our fast-paced, digitally connected world.', 'Arnese founded the AI-centred music company Amp in Munich in 2009. It was recently acquired by Landor & Fitch, part of the WPP advertising group.', 'Amp uses AI to generate all kinds of sounds for companies, from small bursts of noise when an app launches, to the sound of a bank card transaction completing, to longer compositions for things like podcasts and social media videos. This is what he calls a brand\'s ""sonic identity"".', 'The internet has been flooded recently with examples of what AI can do, including reimagined films (Harry Potter with muscle-bound characters), new music using the voices of deceased artists like Amy Winehouse or Kurt Cobain, or radical architectural drawings.', 'So what can AI do for sound in the world of advertising? ', 'Firstly, humans still have a vital role to play in the process, reassures Arnese, whose company is one of the leaders in the field. His in-house composers begin by creating a track known as the ""Sonic DNA"" of the brand, which might last about 90 seconds. ', 'This video can not be played', ""Listen: An example of 'Sonic DNA' that Amp composed for a finance firm, in order to generate AI-powered branding"", ""AI's first role is to check that this is not similar to sounds already used by other companies. Machine learning can also check whether the signature patterns in the music are likely to have impact and be memorable."", 'But once this DNA is established, the key role of AI is to allow companies to make music on an industrial scale, explains Arnese, to satisfy digital outlets.', 'AI can generate potentially infinite music remixes from this DNA, with different tempos, moods and durations, depending on the context, be it a TikTok video, the noise of an appliance coming to life or the intro music for a podcast. Humans check each result before they are put before the public. ', 'This video can not be played', ""Listen: An example of music used for branding generated by AI, using 'Sonic DNA'"", 'The argument for using AI is that this is easier and cheaper than a human selecting and buying individual pieces of production music for thousands of different scenarios.', 'It also creates computer-orchestrated brand consistency.', ""In a world of in-app payments and contactless transactions, even the shortest blasts of sound are increasingly important for consumers, says Arnese, because they establish trust and forge the brand's identity."", 'Arnese is from Italy and studied clarinet in a conservatory, and then IT at the University of Pisa, with an interest in machine learning. After graduating he moved to Germany to work as a management consultant. ', 'Fearing that music would no longer be part of his life, he quit his corporate job to set up his digital agency focused on his first passion, music. It was difficult to persuade brands that they needed to invest in music to begin with, he says, but that has completely changed in the last few years. In the old days big companies might produce just one or two video adverts for TV a year.', '""These days no brand is on mute,"" says Arnese. ""Some brands upload a hundred videos to YouTube every week, and we asked ourselves, how can they afford it?""', 'Read additional stories on artificial intelligence', 'Some scepticism still remains about whether AI really is a ""gamechanger"" for the advertising industry, though.', '""People put a lot of money into things like the Metaverse, crypto and NFTs, all the things marketers got excited about, and now they\'ve had to backtrack,"" cautions Molly Innes of Marketing Week.', 'As a result many people in the advertising world are taking the wait-and-see approach with AI, she says, especially as there is less money going round at the moment to invest in it.', ""Arnese believes AI will have a profound impact on advertising. However, he doesn't think it will lead to the significant job losses some fear."", '""AI is just another tool to do your job,"" he says.', '""It presents an opportunity to be inspired by something unexpected [that the computer generates] in the creative process, that\'s how I use it.', '""Ten years ago there was no such job as data scientist in the advertising industry, can you imagine? But now it is part of the normal team set up of an agency.', '""AI is here to stay, but it\'s not a replacement for humans.""', 'Follow business reporter Dougal Shaw on LinkedIn', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""One of the world's largest space and defence companies has announced it is moving to a specialist office in Wiltshire.  "", ""Airbus Defence and Space Limited (ADS), a division of Airbus Group, is moving to the Business Cyber Centre, the UK's first business-led cyber centre, at Greenways Business Park in Chippenham. "", 'ADS specialises in providing solutions for defence and space applications. ', 'They said the move would allow them to better serve their customers.', 'The division of Airbus plays a role in supporting national security, space exploration, and satellite communications with expertise ranging from Earth observation and satellite navigation to secure communication and intelligence systems.', 'Business continuity manager at Airbus Defence and Space, Ricky Larcombe, said: ""This move is a testament to our dedication to growth and our mission to enhance our services and offerings for our valued customers. ', '""The new office will not only strengthen our relationships with our current customers and partners, but also allow us to better cater to the needs of our expanding customer base.""', 'ADS confirmed 80 people would be moving to the new office space from various locations across Wiltshire. ', ""The Business Cyber Centre (BCC) opened in Spring 2022 and is the UK's first business-led Cyber Centre providing a hi-tech base for companies. "", 'Tom Marshall, head of capital operations at the BCC said: ""We\'re really pleased to be welcoming an organisation such as Airbus to the BCC. ', '""The opportunity for collaboration with our existing members and wider network, and how this could benefit UK defence, shows the importance of spaces such as the BCC.""', 'Paul Moorby, chair of Swindon and Wiltshire Local Enterprise Partnership said: ""It is with a sense of pride and collective achievement that we welcome Airbus Defence and Space to the Business Cyber Centre. ', '""Their decision to join our thriving community is a clear indication of the BCC\'s growing importance at the heart of the UK cyber sector.""', 'Follow BBC West on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to: bristol@bbc.co.uk ', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"['Leading figures from the world of artificial intelligence (AI) have met in Londonderry to discuss the impact of the technology on education at a conference. ', ""Delegates at Ulster University's Magee Campus heard from Microsoft and the National Centre for AI, among others."", 'On Monday, GenAIEdu hosted workshops examining how AI platforms generate teaching material.  ', 'The role of AI in the higher education sector was also discussed. ', 'The event, which will take place over three days will see a variety of speakers explore the potential benefits of AI for people working in coding and digital design, as well as industry more widely. ', 'Speakers at the event on Monday included Sue Attewell, who is a co-leader of the National Centre for AI in tertiary education and Dr Cris Bloomfield, a senior industry architect with Microsoft.', 'Attendees at the event on Monday also heard from Manjinder Kainth a co-founder and chief executive officer of Graide, an AI enhanced assessment and feedback platform.', ""Professor Colin Turner from Ulster University's Faculty of Computing, Engineering and the Built Environment, said the future of AI will present both challenges and also opportunities."", '""I think like a lot of technological changes, like for example the worldwide web, it [AI] will bring some significant changes and some of those will provide some challenges, but there will be a lot of opportunities as well,"" Prof Turner told BBC Radio Foyle\'s North West Today programme.', '""Really the purpose of this summit is to make sure that we are off quickly into that proper, full blown, honest conversation about those challenges, about the ethical considerations, and making sure that we get the benefit for our students, but also for the industry in the north west and beyond."" ', 'In May, in a letter to the Times, educators from the UK\'s state and private sector described developments in AI as ""bewildering"".', 'AI is the ""greatest threat but also potentially the greatest benefit to our students, staff and schools"", the group of teachers, led by Sir Anthony Seldon, headteacher of Epsom College in England, said in the letter.', 'Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said regulation had to evolve at the same time as rapid changes are made in AI. ', 'Prof Turner said that striking a balance in the approach to AI was crucial. ', '""Our responsibility as a university is to ensure that our research and our curriculum at the Derry/Londonderry campus helps to prepare industry...so that it\'s not a seismic shock and we are with the front of the wave rather than pushed along at force,"" he said.', '""The important thing for us is to be quick and responsive to these changes rather than dragged along by them.""', 'Last week, a group representing the software industry in Northern Ireland said the region can be a testing centre for artificial intelligence in the UK.', 'It followed an announcement by Belfast-based IT firm Kainos that it was investing Â£10m to develop the use of generative AI in its business.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[""In the world of football management, the rumour mill never stops spinning and currently speculation is rife about the future of Wolves manager Gary O'Neil. Will he stay or will he be poached by another club looking for a fresh face at the helm?"", ""O'Neil's appointment as Wolves manager initially raised eyebrows, with many questioning whether he was the right fit for the job. However, the 40-year-old has quickly silenced his critics with his tactical acumen and ability to motivate his players."", ""Under his guidance, Wolves have shown promising signs of progress and a renewed sense of purpose on the pitch. It's no surprise envious eyes are looking in his direction."", ""While the prospect of managing a Premier League club with greater resources could be an enticing opportunity for O'Neil, he may just feel a loyalty to Wolves. "", ""After being let go by Bournemouth, O'Neil didn't think he'd land another Premier League job. By his own admission, he thought he might have to move down a level."", ""Given how uncertain management roles can be in football, I reckon O'Neil will aim to firmly establish himself as an astute and reliable head coach - and this means more than one season in the job!"", 'He is clearly loving his time with Wolves. You can see his connection with players, with fans and with the club. I strongly suspect that Gary will be offered a new, more lucrative contract with Wolves that will ensure his future with us.', 'Dazzling Dave can be found on Always Wolves fan TV, external ', 'Smitha Mundasad explores whether anything can be done to get rid of it', 'Surprising facts and interesting history from the makers of QI', ""'Stay-at-home-daughter' Chi is suddenly forced to fend for herself when her parents die"", 'Rob Brydon unpicks the complex character of Barry Humphries aka Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
"[' A new charity aiming to end homelessness in Guernsey has been launched.', 'At Home in Guernsey will offer one-to-one support to people who are homeless and those who are at risk.', 'The charity was launched by the Guernsey Community Foundation.', 'The foundation\'s chief executive, Jim Roberts, said the island\'s ""hidden homelessness problem"" can have ""catastrophic"" consequences.', 'In 2023, as part of its Indicators of Poverty report, the States estimated more than 1,000 men, women and children were insecurely housed - an increase of about 50% since 2016.', 'Chief executive officer of Specsavers, who are sponsoring the scheme, John Perkins, said: ""Homelessness in the UK is often very visible.', '""Turn your gaze to Guernsey and there are far less obvious signs. ', '""But the uncomfortable truth is that Guernsey has a significant hidden homeless problem, which as a community we need to do all we can to support."" ', 'Funding has been guaranteed for at least three years to enable the charity to recruit staff, find its own base and start helping people.', 'Mr Roberts said: ""At Home in Guernsey will help individuals and families who have lost, or who are at risk of losing, a roof over their head â\x80\x94something most of us take for granted. ', '""If you don\'t have somewhere safe, accessible and affordable to live, the consequences can be catastrophic.""', 'At Home in Guernsey will work closely with social housing providers, landlords, statutory agencies and third sector organisations.', ""It will be based at the foundation's headquarters at KGV Playing Fields in Castel until suitable premises are found."", 'Follow BBC Guernsey on X (formerly Twitter) and Facebook. Send your story ideas to channel.islands@bbc.co.uk.', 'Â© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.']"
