text
"['Rep. Carlos Gimenez grilled FBI Director Chris Wray on AI and China during a hearing held by the House select committee on China. (Credit: House of Representatives)', ""The Justice Department named its first-ever official focused on artificial intelligence (AI) on Thursday in anticipation of the rapidly evolving technology's impact on the criminal justice system.\xa0"", 'Jonathan Mayer, a professor at Princeton University who focuses on the ""intersection of technology and law, with emphasis on national security, criminal procedure, consumer privacy, network management, and online speech,"" according to his online biography, was selected to serve as the DOJ\'s chief science and technology adviser and chief AI officer, Reuters reported.\xa0', '""The Justice Department must keep pace with rapidly evolving scientific and technological developments in order to fulfill our mission to uphold the rule of law, keep our country safe and protect civil rights,"" U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland said in a statement.', 'Mayer previously served as the technology adviser to Vice President Kamala Harris during her time as a U.S. senator, and as the Chief Technologist of the Federal Communications Commission Enforcement Bureau. In his new role, he is expected to advise Garland and DOJ leadership on matters related to emerging technologies, including how to responsibly integrate AI into the department’s investigations and criminal prosecutions, according to Reuters.\xa0', ""NEW HAMPSHIRE AG TRACES ROBOCALLS WITH 'AI-GENERATED CLONE' OF BIDEN'S VOICE BACK TO TEXAS-BASED COMPANIES"", 'Vice President Kamala Harris speaks at a press conference during the UK Artificial Intelligence Safety Summit at Bletchley Park, England, on Nov. 2, 2023. (DANIEL LEAL/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Mayer is set to lead a newly formed board of law enforcement and civil rights officials that will advise Garland and others at the Justice Department on the ethics and efficacy of AI systems, according to Reuters. He will also seek to recruit more technological experts to the department.', 'U.S. officials have been weighing how to best balance benefiting from AI, while also minimizing the dangers of the loosely regulated and rapidly expanding technology.\xa0', 'During a speech at Oxford University in the United Kingdom last week, U.S. Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco said the Justice Department has already deployed AI to classify and trace the source of opioids and other drugs, to help ""triage and understand the more than one million tips submitted to the FBI by the public every year,"" and ""to synthesize huge volumes of evidence collected in some of our most significant cases, including January 6.""\xa0', '""Every new technology is a double-edged sword, but AI may be the sharpest blade yet. It has the potential to be an indispensable tool to help identify, disrupt, and deter criminals, terrorists, and hostile nation-states from doing us harm,"" Monaco said.\xa0', 'Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco speaks during an event where Attorney General Merrick Garland addressed DOJ efforts to combat violent crime in many cities during the previous year on Jan. 5, 2024 in Washington, D.C. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)', 'FCC MAKES AI-GENERATED ROBOCALLS THAT CAN FOOL VOTERS ILLEGAL AFTER BIDEN VOICE CLONING IN NEW HAMPSHIRE', '""Yet for all the promise it offers,"" she continued. ""AI is also accelerating risks to our collective security. We know it has the potential to amplify existing biases and discriminatory practices. It can expedite the creation of harmful content, including child sexual abuse material. It can arm nation-states with tools to pursue digital authoritarianism, accelerating the spread of disinformation and repression. And we’ve already seen that AI can lower the barriers to entry for criminals and embolden our adversaries. It’s changing how crimes are committed and who commits them — creating new opportunities for wanna-be hackers and supercharging the threat posed by the most sophisticated cybercriminals.""', 'Monaco highlighted the potential risk to election security posed by AI, saying how foreign adversaries could radicalize users on social media with incendiary content created with generative AI, misinform voters by impersonating trusted sources and spreading deepfakes, and spread falsehoods using chatbots, fake images and even cloned voices.\xa0', 'U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland delivers remarks regarding ongoing efforts by the Department of Justice to combat violent crime on Jan. 5, 2024. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP\xa0', '""This year, over half the world’s population – more than four billion people – will have the chance to vote in an election. That includes some of the world’s largest democracies – from the United States to Indonesia and India, from Brazil to here in Britain,"" Monaco said. ""We’ve already seen the misuse of AI play out in elections from Chicago and New Hampshire to Slovakia. And I fear it’s just the start. Left without guardrails, AI poses immense challenges for democracies around the world. So, we’re at an inflection point with AI. We have to move quickly to identify, leverage, and govern its positive uses while taking measures to minimize its risks.""\xa0', 'Danielle Wallace is a reporter for Fox News Digital covering politics, crime, police and more. Story tips can be sent to danielle.wallace@fox.com and on Twitter: @danimwallace.\xa0']"
"['Eugenia Kuyda defended AI companion bots during an interview with Fox News Digital and argued that dating app Replika is just one of many possible solutions to loneliness.', 'AI, or artificial intelligence, is a branch of computer science that is designed to understand and store human intelligence, mimic human capabilities including the completion of tasks, process human language and perform speech recognition. AI is the leading innovation in technology today and its primary goal is to eliminate tedious tasks and assist in immediately accessing extremely detailed and hyper-focused information and data.', 'AI has the ability to consume and process massive datasets and develop patterns to make predictions for the completion of future tasks.', 'While the interest in AI around the world is growing, the science poses an existential crisis for jobs, companies, whole industries and potentially human existence. In March, Goldman Sachs released a report and warned the public of the threat to jobs that AI, and ChatGPT, an artificial intelligence chatbot developed by AI research company OpenAI, poses. The report revealed that jobs with repetitive responsibilities and some manual labor are at risk for automation. The report concludes that 300 million jobs could be affected by AI.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FAQ', 'Midjourney is an AI image program which creates realistic images based on text commands given by users. The company also released a ""describe"" feature this week which lets users transform images into words. (Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images)', 'In simple terms, artificial intelligence is computer science that is capable of completing tasks that humans already perform or require human intelligence to complete.', 'AI uses technology to learn and recreate human tasks. Currently, in some situations, AI has the ability to perform human tasks better than we do, which poses a threat to the workforce.', 'While it may seem AI has only recently become popular or relevant to society, it has been used in many ways for years.\xa0', 'Reactive machines are task specific and a basic form of AI. They react to the input provided to them and offer the same output. In the form of reactive machines, AI does not learn new concepts. These machines apply datasets and respond with recommendations based on already existing inputs.\xa0', 'An example of reactive machines is the recommendations section in Netflix. whereby TV shows and movies are recommended by the streaming service to a user based on their search and watch history.\xa0', 'FIVE DISTURBING EXAMPLES OF WHY AI IS NOT QUITE THERE', 'Limited memory understands by storing previously captured and learned data and builds knowledge for the future based on its findings. An example of limited memory is self-driving cars.\xa0', 'Self-driving cars use signals and sensors to detect their surroundings and make driving decisions. The cars compute where pedestrians, traffic signals and low-light conditions exist, in order to drive more cautiously and avoid accidents or traffic errors.', 'Theory of mind means that humans have thoughts, feelings, emotions, desires, etc. that impact their day-to-day behaviors and decisions. While early adaptations of AI struggled with theory of mind, it has since made astonishing improvements. In order for AI to procure theory of mind, it must understand that everyone has feelings and develop the ability to change its behaviors as humans do.', 'An example of theory of mind for humans is to see a wilted plant and understand that it needs to be watered in order to survive. In order for AI to have theory of mind, it will need to do the same.', 'AI, ChatGPT specifically, has passed a theory of mind test commensurate with 9-year-old ability, as of February 2023.', 'Finally, when AI is self-aware, the stages of development will be complete. Self-awareness for AI is the most challenging of all AI types as the machines will have achieved human-level consciousness, emotions, empathy, etc. and can commiserate accordingly.', 'Once the machine has learned to be self-aware, it will have the ability to form its own identity.', 'This stage of self-awareness is not currently possible. In order for self-awareness to become a possibility, scientists will need to find a way to replicate consciousness in a machine.\xa0', 'WHAT ARE THE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', 'ChatGPT could pose a threat for various roles in the workforce and potentially take over some jobs that are repetitive in nature. ', 'Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a coaching company in Chicago, found in an April report that ChatGPT could replace 4.8 million jobs in the future. Specifically, ChatGPT is likely to replace job roles that are repetitive and predictable including copywriters, customer service representatives, cashiers, data clerks, drivers and more.', 'Individuals with graduate degrees are most fearful of losing their jobs to AI and nearly 69% of them emphasized their fear of it, according to a Tidio survey. While humans are becoming increasingly alarmed by AI, we are already using it in our daily lives in ways people might not even realize.', 'Here are some of the most popular and typical ways we’re already leveraging AI.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'Facial recognition is being used mostly by law enforcement to identify criminals and assess potential threats. Individuals use it daily to access smart devices and through social media like Facebook photo tag recommendations.', 'Determining violations of community guidelines, facial recognition, and translation tools for language interpretation are just a few of the ways social media is operating alongside AI.', 'Google Home, Amazon Alexa and Apple Siri are all examples of voice assistants that employ AI. Voice assistants use natural language processing and are capable of discovering patterns and behaviors among users in order to conserve preferences and offer results to consumers. The more you use them, the more the voice assistant will learn.', 'ARE YOU READY FOR AI VOICE CLONING ON YOUR PHONE?', 'Examples of AI voice assistants include Siri, Alexa and Google Home. ', 'Smart home devices are used in a variety of ways including the protection and security of your home. Technology like Ring doorbells and Nest security systems use AI to detect movement and alert homeowners.', 'Voice assistants like Siri and Alexa are also examples of smart devices.', 'Search engines like Google, Bing and Baidu use AI to improve search results for users. Recommended content based on initial search terms are provided to users every time they search. Search engines use natural language processing, a branch of AI, to recognize search intent in order to provide exemplary results.\xa0', 'For example, if you search for ""rose"" results for the pink wine rose, the flower rose, Rose the singer or rose the verb may appear. When you provide context to your search, AI assimilates and suggests results.', 'If you’re using Google to query ""Marylin Monrow,"" the search engine giant suggests the correct search term and results for ""Marilyn Monroe."" Search engines are using AI to grasp spelling, context, language and more in order to best satisfy users.', 'AI is also the power behind the rapid adaptation of search results. Trillions of searches are performed every year and humans don’t have the ability to comb through results – but AI does.', 'When you come home from a long day at work to relax on the couch and throw on Netflix, you’re leveraging AI to help you choose the next TV show or movie you’ll watch. When you log onto Instagram or Facebook and a suggested list of new followers or friends appears, you’re experiencing the power of AI. When you open your Google Maps app and type ""gas"" into the search bar to locate the closest gas station near you, you’re using AI to make your life easier.', 'AI AROUND THE WORLD: HOW THE US, EU, AND CHINA PLAN TO REGULATE AI SOFTWARE COMPANIES', 'Artificial narrow intelligence – or ANI – is also known as ""Weak"" AI. ANI systems are capable of handling singular or limited tasks and are the exact opposite of strong AI, which handles a wide range of tasks.', 'Example of ANI include Apple’s Siri, Netflix recommendations and the weather app where you can check the weather for the day or the week. While Siri has the ability to assist with numerous tasks like announce calls or text messages, play music, shortcut smart device apps and more, it struggles with tasks outside its immediate capabilities.\xa0', 'ANI systems are not self-aware or and do not possess genuine intelligence, according to deepAI.org.', 'ANI uses datasets with specific information to complete tasks and cannot go beyond the data provided to it Though systems like Siri are capable and sophisticated, they cannot be conscious, sentient or self-aware.', '""LLMs have a broader set of capabilities than previous narrow AIs, but this breadth is limited,"" said Ben Goertzel, expert in Artificial General Intelligence, in a Fox News Digital Opinion article. ""They cannot intelligently reason beyond their experience-base. They only appear broadly capable because their training base is really enormous and covers almost every aspect of human endeavor.""', 'Artificial general intelligence – or AGI – is AI that can perform any intellectual task a human can, according to medium.com. AGI capabilities vary from consciousness to self-awareness. We have seen adaptations of life with AGI in movies like ""Her"" and ""Wall-E.""\xa0', 'AI EDUCATION: GATHER A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE WITH BOOKS, BLOGS, COURSES AND MORE', 'In the Pixar animation film ""Wall-E,"" the sad, lonely robot meets another, Eve, and they fall in love. In this film, while the characters are sentient, they are AGI systems. In addition to ""Wall-E,"" the 2013 film ""Her"" stars Joaquin Phoenix. ""Her"" is also an AGI system as she outgrows her first owner and goes out to be on her own.', 'AGI systems learn, execute, reason, and more but do not experience consciousness.', ' (Films like ""WALL-E"" and ""Her"" show adaptations of general AI – or AGI.)', 'Artificial superintelligence – or ASI – is the type of AI most people are fearful of. It will have the ability to surpass human intelligence in a number of ways including creativity, self-awareness, problem-solving and more. ASI, if ever created, will have the ability to be sentient. While people are worried about AI becoming sentient, the technology is years away from such capabilities.', 'In 2018 at South by Southwest tech conference – SXSW – in Austin, Texas, Elon Musk expressed his concerns over AI and regulations regarding the development of ASI.', 'Generative artificial intelligence is technology with the ability to produce content including text, images and more. Generative AI like chatbots have the ability to complete a wide range of tasks including writing stories or recipes, answering questions from humans, ordering products and services and more. Examples of generative AI include chatbots like ChatGPT, Bard, Tongyi Qianwen and Ernie Bot.\xa0', 'Tech titans like Elon Musk and the CEO of ChatGPT, Sam Altman, are concerned about congressional oversight and regulation of generative AI across the U.S.\xa0', 'WHAT ARE SOME CONTROVERSIES SURROUNDING NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING?', 'In March 2023, Musk signed a letter alongside other AI experts including Steve Wozniak, Emad Mostaque, researchers at Alphabet-owned DeepMind, Yoshua Bengio and Stuart Russell, and warned of advanced AI technology.\xa0', '""Powerful AI systems should be developed only once we are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable,"" said the letter. The computer programs that leverage AI and natural language processing are expected to impact the workforce significantly. Students are making use of generative AI to write essays and complete homework.\xa0', 'While beneficial, generative AI is also susceptible to bias and some worry it can become too human-like as it advances.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Gary Marcus, a New York University professor, warned of generative AI to Congress in May: ""they can and will create persuasive lies at a scale humanity has never seen before.""\xa0', 'Marcus said, ""outsiders will use them to affect our elections, insiders to manipulate our markets and our political systems. Democracy itself is threatened.""', ""Gabriele Regalbuto is an SEO editor at Fox News Digital. Gabriele has a Journalism and Communications degree from West Virginia University. She has worked to produce content for newspapers, magazines, and digital platforms. At Fox, she has assisted in coverage of breaking news events including the 2024 presidential cycle, 2022 midterm elections, Queen Elizabeth II's death, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.""]"
"['Conjecture CEO talks about whether humans should be fearful of artificial intelligence and where the technology is expected to be in the future.', 'A Biden administration push to force cloud companies to disclose when a foreigner uses their platforms to power artificial intelligence could be seen as an escalation in the ongoing tech war between China and the U.S., though experts are split on how effective the strategy will be.', '""We need the federal government to take the threat of AI seriously, especially when it comes from malicious foreign actors. This is a good step,"" Jon Schweppe, the policy director of the American Principles Project, told Fox News Digital.', ""Schweppe's comments come after U.S. Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo announced that her department could soon require U.S. tech companies to disclose every time a non-U.S. entity uses their cloud to train a large language model, according to a report by Bloomberg."", 'TAYLOR SWIFT AI-GENERATED EXPLICIT PHOTOS OUTRAGE FANS: ‘PROTECT TAYLOR SWIFT’\xa0', 'President Biden meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the G20 leaders summit in Bali, Indonesia, on Nov. 14, 2022. (Reuters/Kevin Lamarque/File)', 'Though Raimondo didn\'t specifically call out any specific firms or countries, the potential move has largely been viewed as a way for the U.S. to maintain a leg up on China in AI technology, with President Biden saying in October that such disclosures could help detect if foreign actors plan to use AI to launch ""malicious cyber-enabled activity.""\xa0', 'Ramondo also hinted at similar efforts aimed specifically at China last month, saying in an interview that the U.S. wants to ""shut down every avenue that the Chinese could have to get access to our models or to train their own models.""', ""China's push toward AI development has become a top concern for the administration, which has in the past tried to combat Beijing's progress by restricting chip exports to the country and sanctioning some Chinese firms, though the country has continued to make breakthroughs despite the U.S. moves."", 'Christopher Alexander, the chief analytics officer of Pioneer Development Group, told Fox News Digital that the new proposal demonstrates that the ""U.S. government is finally taking the threat of Chinese economic espionage seriously.""', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', '""There is no silver bullet to address the constant theft of intellectual property by the Chinese, but measures like this make the U.S. AI sector more difficult to operate against. The United States simply cannot underwrite Chinese AI efforts because of poor industrial security,"" Alexander said. ""Ideally, the government will focus more on support over regulation but the scope and nature of this national security threat, along with the incredible opportunity it presents, necessitates a close and fruitful government relationship with the private sector.""', 'Similar thoughts were echoed by Heritage Foundation Tech Research Policy Center research associate Jake Denton, who told Fox News Digital that the U.S. cannot ""let naive assumptions about the universal benefits of progress blind us to the reality that technology empowers its first mover.""', 'Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo speaks during the daily press briefing at the White House. (Alex Wong/Getty Images)', '""If China wins the Al race, they could become the dominant world power for generations. We need to wake up and realize this is a Sputnik moment,"" Denton said. ""America must secure the technologies critical for Al breakthroughs and ensure they serve our national interests. Letting Chinese firms access our chips, our cloud technology and talent is tantamount to unilateral disarmament in a technology cold war.""', 'But not all experts are convinced that the plan would be effective, with some expressing concerns that it could slow down tech development.', 'ISRAEL CREATES AI PLATFORM TO TRACK THE HUMANITARIAN SITUATION IN GAZA\xa0', '""This will absolutely slow technological progress. It adds layers of bureaucracy and reporting that will require developers to meet arbitrary standards set by\xa0an uninformed federal government,"" Samuel Mangold-Lenett, a staff editor at The Federalist, told Fox News Digital.', 'But Mangold-Lenett also acknowledged the U.S. needs to prevent foreign adversaries such as China from accessing ""critical technologies,"" especially when they have a history of ""hacking and stealing from us.""', '""We ought to allow American developers the freedom to develop robust systems without hindrance while incentivizing as much data security as possible,"" he said.', 'According to the Bloomberg report, it remains unclear just how the U.S. would regulate the tech industry\'s dealings with foreigners, especially since exchanges of cloud services are not physical goods and have typically been ""beyond the domain of export controls.""', 'Chinese President Xi Jinping (Lintao Zhang/Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Meanwhile, U.S. cloud providers have long worried that such restrictions without similar moves by other allied countries could put American companies at a competitive disadvantage.', 'Phil Siegel, the founder of the Center for Advanced Preparedness and Threat Response Simulation, shared similar concerns, telling Fox News Digital that the move ""could cause foreign firms to look for alternatives and shift share out of the U.S. to avoid the reporting requirements.""', '""It might also cause regulatory retaliation by other countries which, taken together, could slow overall development and raise costs by providing a price umbrella for Amazon, Microsoft and Google and any foreign competitors,"" Siegel said. ""Overall, these types of regulations are more onerous than just asking for a one-time KYC (know your customer) type of regulatory regime, which could be uniformly applied, would cause deeper investigation once especially for foreign firms, and allows the cloud companies to have more accountability.""', 'The White House did not immediately respond to a Fox News Digital request for comment.']"
"['Artificial General Intelligence, the AI with human-like capabilities, could be decades away, said Capps.', 'With the release of ChatGPT last year, a renewed focus was placed on AGI – artificial general intelligence – the advanced technology with similar capabilities to that of humans.\xa0', 'And while some argue GPT-4, the latest version of the technology, appears close to AGI, others say it is years, or decades, before the technology reaches human-like abilities.', 'There is no one agreed upon definition of AGI, but a 2020 report from consulting giant McKinsey said a true AGI would need to master skills like sensory perception, fine motor skills, and natural language understanding.\xa0', 'WHAT IS AI?', 'Recent developments in Artificial Intelligence have led to renewed focus on AGI, the technology with capabilities similar to that of humans. (getty images)', 'Dr. Michael Capps, the co-founder and CEO of Diveplane, said AGI is ""an AI that can do anything, and maybe as well or better than a human""\xa0', '""What’s really neat about that is now we can deploy them in all different facets of life, and hopefully do all the boring stuff,"" he said.\xa0', 'A technology that advanced, though, gives some pause, Capps warned.\xa0', '""The downside is AGIs can learn quickly… suddenly you have something that’s way smarter than a 3-year-old, or an 18-year-old, or Einstein… That’s where people start getting a little nervous about, how do we even understand what that may be?,"" he added.', 'WHAT IS CHATGPT?', 'ChatGPT, released last year, allows users to have human-like conversations with a chatbot. ((Photo By Eduardo Parra/Europa Press via Getty Images))', 'Christopher Alexander, the chief communications officer of Liberty Blockchain, told Fox News Digital in his view, AGI would be an ""operator,"" allowing him to have a conversation with it like he would with an analyst.\xa0', 'But, Alexander argued, the current AI models, such as GPT-4, are nowhere near a true AGI.\xa0', '""It is nowhere, nowhere near that, and I think it’s important to recognize that,"" he said.', '""So when? I think supercomputing power is probably going to be a major factor,"" Alexander added.\xa0', 'SENATE WARNED OF ‘PERFECT STORM’ LEADING TO EMERGING AI DISASTER', 'Artificial General Intelligence - AGI - is an advanced technology which would mimic human-like abilities.\xa0 (iStock)', 'Capps also emphasized that current AI models do not reach the level of AGI, and that there is no set time for when the technology will reach human-like abilities.', '""I think the neat thing is, no one knows,"" he said. ""The average AI scientist probably thinks we’re 20, 15 years away. But once it happens, it’s going to be really fast.""\xa0', 'Others, however, view the recent developments in generative AI, such as GPT-4, as advancements in the direction of AGI.', 'An April report from Microsoft Research said GPT4, the latest version of ChatGPT, exhibited ""more general intelligence than previous AI models.""\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Given the breadth and depth of GPT-4\'s capabilities, we believe that it could reasonably be viewed as an early (yet still incomplete) version of an artificial general intelligence (AGI) system,"" a summary of the report read.\xa0', 'ChatGPT was released last year, and allows users to have conversations with an AI chatbot, with the ability to write text, songs, poems and even computer code. Microsoft has integrated the technology in its Bing search engine.\xa0', 'Kelsey Koberg is an Editor with Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"['Rep. Carlos Gimenez grilled FBI Director Chris Wray on AI and China during a hearing held by the House select committee on China. (Credit: House of Representatives)', 'House Speaker Mike Johnson is putting together a formal ""task force"" to explore how the U.S. can stay competitive in the artificial intelligence (AI) sphere while also managing the rapidly evolving technology\'s risks.', '""Because advancements in artificial intelligence have the potential to rapidly transform our economy and our society, it is important for Congress to work in a bipartisan manner to understand and plan for both the promises and the complexities of this transformative technology,"" Johnson, R-La., said in a Monday morning statement.\xa0', 'The new project is bipartisan, having been the product of discussions between Johnson and House Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y.', 'HOW AI COULD MANIPULATE VOTERS AND UNDERMINE ELECTIONS THREATENING DEMOCRACY', 'House Speaker Mike Johnson is launching a new task force for Congress to study AI. (Photo by Kent Nishimura/Getty Images)', 'Johnson said the task force would be made up of House lawmakers who have ""AI expertise and represent the relevant committees of jurisdiction.""', '""Congress has a responsibility to facilitate the promising breakthroughs that artificial intelligence can bring to fruition and ensure that everyday Americans benefit from these advancements in an equitable manner,"" Jeffries said. ""The rise of artificial intelligence also presents a unique set of challenges and certain guardrails must be put in place to protect the American people.""', ""The group's co-chairs are members who have been some of the most vocal about AI – Rep. Jay Obernolte, R-Calif., the oversight subcommittee chairman of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, and Rep. Ted Lieu, D-Calif., who sits on the House Judiciary Committee's internet subcommittee."", 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'House Democratic Leader Hakeem Jeffries co-led the effort alongside House Speaker Mike Johnson. (Getty Images)', ""Both Obernolte and Lieu are also members of the House's AI Caucus.\xa0"", 'Johnson has not yet laid out a clear strategy on how he wants to handle AI, but he has taken strides to wrap his head around the issue since taking the speaker\'s gavel in October. That included a meeting with OpenAI CEO Sam Altman last month, after which Johnson told reporters they ""talked about where we are with regard to the approach of Congress to AI.""', 'However, as Congress continues to learn about AI, there appears to be little movement – or agreement – in the legislative sphere.\xa0', ""OPINION: HERE'S HOW AI WILL DRIVE HEALTH CARE TO MEET CONSUMER EXPECTATIONS"", 'Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer announced an AI framework last year, but little public progress has been made. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP via Getty Images)', 'A flurry of bills touching on AI issues like deepfakes and intellectual property rights have been introduced over the last year, but none have made it to the House floor for a vote.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""In the Senate, Majority Leader Chuck Schumer's promised AI legislative framework has made little public advancement beyond its announcement late last year.\xa0"", 'There is also still disagreement within Congress about whether to even regulate AI at this stage, or whether regulatory burdens could stifle U.S. innovation in that sphere.', 'Elizabeth Elkind is a politics reporter for Fox News Digital leading coverage of the House of Representatives. Previous digital bylines seen at Daily Mail and CBS News.', 'Follow on Twitter at @liz_elkind and send tips to elizabeth.elkind@fox.com']"
"[""FOX Business correspondent Lydia Hu has the latest on jobs at risk as AI further develops on 'America's Newsroom.'"", ""The advancement of artificial intelligence is progressing at a breakneck pace. While the technology is changing rapidly, the basic principles behind AI aren't new.\xa0"", 'Artificial intelligence has been around for many years, and has been expanded upon by many different developers. Today, some of the most well known AIs include chatbots like ChatGPT and Google Bard, with many more on the way.', 'These AIs have become more sophisticated and refined over the course of many iterations. These advancements are bringing AI to levels reaching what would be considered ""strong AI,"" a machine that essentially has the same capabilities as a human mind.\xa0', 'There have been many artificial intelligence advancements in recent years, bringing software closer to reaching ""strong AI"" status.\xa0 (iStock)', 'Following are links to articles that answer some of the most-asked questions about AI.\xa0', 'AI, or artificial intelligence, is a branch of computer science that is designed to understand and store human intelligence, and mimic human capabilities including completing tasks, processing human language and performing speech recognition. AI is the leading innovation in technology today and its primary goal is to eliminate tedious tasks and assist in immediately accessing extremely detailed and hyper-focused information and data.', 'The four main types of AI are reactive machines, limited memory, theory of mind and self-awareness. The most basic forms of AI are reactive machines and limited memory. Theory of mind and self-awareness are two stages in AI that are theoretical as of now, as they are still being developed. In the future, these two forms of AI could come to fruition. For a machine to reach the self-awareness stage of development, the most complex stage, it would need to possess the ability to form its own identity and become self-aware, as its name implies.\xa0', 'While there are many recent developments in the AI field, its premise is not new, and the history of AI dates back to before chatbots. Some of the earliest names in AI were Alan Turing, who created the Turing machine, Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts, who expanded upon Turing’s ideas and John McCarthy, who coined the term ""artificial intelligence.""', 'The emergence of artificial intelligence has led to feelings of uncertainty, fear, and even hatred toward a technology that most people do not fully understand. AI can automate tasks that previously only humans could complete, such as writing an essay, organizing an event, and learning another language.\xa0', 'However, experts worry that the era of unregulated AI systems may create misinformation, cyber-security threats, job loss, and political bias.\xa0', ""OpenAI's ChatGPT is a newer development in AI. (Photo by LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP via Getty Images))"", 'ChatGPT is a sophisticated artificial intelligence chatbot developed by AI research company OpenAI. The AI technology was added to Microsoft products including Bing, the corporation’s search engine.', 'ChatGPT is a generative AI that is capable of producing content from text to images, having conversations with humans, suggesting edits to computer programming code and more. The chatbot has the ability to answer questions or assist humans in queries or tasks through its vast training using social media, websites, articles, datasets, books and other forms of text on the internet.', 'Bard is one of the newest artificial intelligence chatbots. The AI chatbot, created by Google, was released in March 2023, after an initial announcement in February. The software was released to a limited amount of users for testing.\xa0', 'The chatbot comes on the heels of the release of one of its major competitors, OpenAI’s ChatGPT, and has very similar functions to that model.\xa0', ""ChatGPT is used in Bing's new AI search engine program.\xa0 (Pavlo Gonchar/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)"", ""Bing's new AI search engine program uses ChatGPT language modeling to provide its users with detailed human-like responses to questions and other inquiries.\xa0"", 'Microsoft, which owns Bing, and Google are working to create the most interactive and accurate chatbot possible in order to drive more engagement from users.', 'It is no secret that artificial intelligence impacts society in surprising ways. One way that most people have used AI without their knowledge is when searching on Google. When doing so, it is likely that the searcher unknowingly used BERT, or Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers, in the form of an artificial intelligence algorithm since about 10% of all searches utilize it. This framework has allowed Google to recognize how users search by better understanding words within their correct order and context. BERT is more than just a part of Google’s algorithm, though. As an open-source framework, anyone can use it for a wide array of machine-learning tasks.\xa0', 'With the growing presence of artificial intelligence in the everyday lives of people around the world, many tech leaders have spoken out about the controversial and revolutionary new technology.', 'Some of the biggest names in tech have differing opinions on AI and how it will impact society as a whole, but most argue that ultimately the technology will benefit humanity.', 'Elon Musk was one of the tech leaders who signed a letter urging government regulation on artificial intelligence.\xa0 (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)', 'The United States government uses artificial intelligence in the military, intelligence, and law enforcement to help mitigate potential threats.\xa0', 'However, the use of machine learning technology largely remains unregulated by the government, although year-on-year spending on AI government contracts continues to increase.\xa0', 'Artificial intelligence is not intrinsically ADA compliant or not, but how it is used can either help or hinder the disabled, including those with vision and hearing impairments. When used within the hiring process, apprehension over whether AI allows for equal opportunities for candidates with disabilities, based on Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act, has been scrutinized. On the other hand, AI has proven instrumental in improving the lives and independence of those with disabilities.\xa0', 'With AI large language models like ChatGPT being developed around the globe, countries have raced to regulate AI. Some have drafted strict laws on the technology, while others lack regulatory oversight.\xa0', 'China and the EU have received particular attention, as they have created detailed, yet divergent, AI regulations. In both, the government plays a large role. This greatly differs from countries like the United States, where there is no federal legislation on AI. Government regulation comes as many countries have raised concerns about various aspects of AI. These mainly includes privacy concerns, and the potential for societal harm with the controversial software.', 'The four main types of artificial intelligence are reactive machines, limited memory, theory of mind and self-awareness. (JOSEP LAGO/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Artificial intelligence may seem like an emerging technology bound for regular use by humans in the distant future, but there are various machine learning products that millions of people already use in their daily lives.\xa0', 'Machine learning technology is featured in a variety of everyday technologies, such as search engines, online shopping algorithms, navigation systems, and smartphones. Popular AI products can help you get from one destination to the next, search for facts about your favorite movie, or help you shop for a particular product online.', 'It might be some time before we see the futuristic concept of artificial intelligence that is depicted in science fiction novels and films come about in real life, but AI is still all around us.\xa0', 'Most homes have some form of voice assistant gadget, such as an Alexa smart home device or Siri assistant on an iPhone. These machines have developed the ability to learn and respond in a way similar to humans’ cognitive abilities, all thanks to artificial intelligence algorithms.', ""Amazon's Echo Dot smart speaker uses Alexa to communicate back and forth with the user. The device is powered by artificial intelligence to complete tasks and provide information when prompted.\xa0 (Phil Barker/Future Publishing via Getty Images)"", 'You’ve probably heard of some of the biggest artificial intelligence chatbots being used and explored today, like ChatGPT and Google Bard. One artificial intelligence tool that may be new to you is Auto-GPT, an AI tool released at the end of March that is more advanced than both ChatGPT and Google Bard.\xa0', 'Auto-GPT is a step closer to creating what is known as ""strong AI,"" a type of AI that is likely what we pictured when we thought of AI in the past. These depictions often feature robots with human-like capabilities that were only seen in futuristic science-fiction movies.', ""Artificial intelligence has recently become a hot topic around the world as tech companies like Alibaba, Microsoft, and Google have released conversational chatbots that the everyday person can use. While we're already using AI in our daily lives, often unknowingly, these forms of computer science are very interesting to a large population."", 'Some are hoping to simply learn to properly use the chatbots to make extra money on the side, experiment with robot interactions, or simply catch sight of what the fuss is all about. Others, however, are hoping to inspire change and become part of the history by physically advancing AI technology alongside tech tycoons.', 'No matter what industry you work in, it is more than likely that artificial intelligence is going to impact your job in some capacity. That being said, it is going to affect some industries more than others.\xa0', 'Predicting what jobs will look like 20 years from now or even 10 for that matter is tricky. There are jobs that exist now that we couldn’t have imagined 10 years ago. So, there are certain things that AI is good at now, like coding, working with numbers, writing content, but it could do a lot more in the coming years.', 'Eighty percent of workers will have at least 10 percent of their work tasks affected by AI, according to researchers at OpenAI and the University of Pennsylvania, per the New York Times. Another report by Goldman Sachs reported by CNBC, predicted that AI could affect 300 million jobs.', 'The healthcare field will be heavily impacted by AI. (iStock)', 'As machine learning technology continues to shock the world, popular artificial intelligence tools such as natural language processing may generate unforeseen issues for humanity.\xa0', ""For instance, natural language processing can have implicit biases, create a significant carbon footprint, and stoke concerns about AI sentience. Natural language processing is a field in machine learning where a computer processes human language through vast amounts of data to understand, translate, extract, and organize information. However, the language processing tools such as Open AI's Chat GPT and other tools run into some challenges, such as misspellings, speech recognition, and the ability of a computer to understand the nuances of human language.\xa0"", 'Data science is an essential field within computer science and machine learning that uses statistics, algorithms, and technology to make meaningful analysis and predictions from large amounts of data.\xa0', 'For instance, computer scientists often describe data science as an interdisciplinary academic field combining various tools within the computer science world to extrapolate information and meaning from large amounts of structured and unstructured data. Some of the biggest corporations and technology firms in the world have a wide variety of means for collecting and storing information related to their customers and products.\xa0', 'Modern chatbots have become more than just customer support programs. Thanks to powerful breakthroughs in machine learning and natural language processing — two subsets of the field of artificial intelligence — people around the world are using chatbots to solve a host of problems and gain access to new conveniences.', ""It's important to start a conversation with your child about online safety with AI technology on the rise. (iStock)"", 'Artificial intelligence can be a hard concept for adults to fully wrap their heads around, so explaining it to kids is even harder. Having to explain this technology to kids is fairly uncharted territory, but something necessary to do since they are more than likely being exposed to it every day.\xa0', 'Another layer of this is AI safety. Today, so many young children have smartphones of their own, meaning they have access to chatbots like ChatGPT and other AI-generated software. It’s important for kids to be briefed on internet safety before interacting with AI.\xa0', 'Voice cloning through artificial intelligence is quickly becoming more advanced, more accessible and more widely used. While using artificial intelligence to clone voices can be beneficial in making certain work more efficient and assisting those who have lost their ability to speak, there are also many problems that have, so far, been hard to solve.\xa0', 'Anyone who has a phone, computer or similar technological device has access to voice cloning through a long list of available software. Even though some are more advanced and efficient than others, voice cloning as a whole is an extremely easy thing to do.', 'Chatbots can write a story for you in seconds, image generators can produce high quality photos by being given just a few words, tools are out there that can clone a voice with just a few minutes of recorded video.\xa0', 'Ashlyn Messier is a writer for Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"['Luum CEO Nathan Harding and President Jo Lawson discuss the new technology, which uses artificial intelligence to place fake lashes.', 'Artificial intelligence is making its way into esthetics with a new application in eyelash extensions.', 'A Bay Area-based company called Luum has released an AI-powered eyelash extension machine, currently available at only a few select California locations.', 'Nathan Harding, CEO and co-founder of Luum, who is based in Oakland, California, told Fox News Digital in an interview that the company is using robotics and AI to ""completely transform the experience of eyelash extensions.""', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE?', '""For the client, it\'s going to be super fast, super comfortable and super consistent,"" he said.\xa0', '""And the provider will be able to do three times the appointments they could do otherwise.""', 'The president of Luum compared the gentle feeling of the company\'s eyelash probes to ""butterfly kisses."" (Luum)', 'Salon owners and lash technicians will be able to ""concentrate on the artistry part of it,"" rather than the ""backbreaking, tedious labor,"" Harding said.', 'A typical Luum appointment starts with choosing lash length, density, volume and shape, president Jo Lawson told Fox News Digital in the same interview.', 'GOOGLE BARD TRANSITIONS TO GEMINI: WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT THE AI UPGRADE', 'After separating the client’s lashes, the lash artist will position the client in a ""super comfortable chair"" and slide the person into the Luum machine.', '""Your eyes are taped closed, and they slide you in, position you correctly [and] set the machine to do the job,"" Lawson said.', 'The machine typically places 50 to 60 lashes on each eye unless the client has requested more density during a consultation.', '""It\'s so unique that this robot that looks almost like a little guy ... is looking at you and placing these lashes,"" Lawson said. (Luum)', 'Once Luum is finished with the placement, the lash artist will touch up the robot’s work by manually adding a few lashes at the end.', 'A full set of lashes via Luum takes about an hour and 15 minutes to complete, while a refill takes about 50 minutes — about 30% faster than it would if a human had placed them.', 'HEAD OF GOOGLE BARD BELIEVES AI CAN HELP IMPROVE COMMUNICATION AND COMPASSION: ‘REALLY REMARKABLE’', 'The beauty store Ulta currently charges $170 for a full Luum set and $80 for a refill, comparatively cheaper than other extension services.', 'Luum right now has one machine running at Ulta’s South San Jose location, where it is ""almost completely booked every single day,"" according to Lawson.', ""The company's goal is to have Luum machines at every Ulta in the country."", ""This infographic from the company details how Luum's AI eyelash machine works. (Luum)"", 'Luum is currently working on an advanced machine that will work four times faster than a human, Harding pointed out.', 'The upgraded machine will address both eyes at the same time, as the current model does one eye at a time, Lawson added.', 'Lawson described the Luum lash machine as a ""fun thing"" to experience, even for people who aren\'t tech-savvy.', '""There\'s nobody leaning on your forehead with these super sharp instruments, literally a millimeter from your eyeball,"" she said.', '""So, it just feels safer, it feels cleaner, it\'s faster and the clients are loving it.""', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE EXPERTS SHARE 6 OF THE BIGGEST AI INNOVATIONS OF 2023: 'A LANDMARK YEAR'"", 'While it might seem that having a robot so close to the eye could be dangerous, Harding said it\'s ""purely mechanical.""', '""The only thing that [the machine] could physically reach you with are these little featherweight tools,"" he said.\xa0', '""We need to know where your upper eyelid is very accurately, and neural networks do those kinds of tasks fantastically.""', '""And we engineer those tools so that, unlike in the human process, they have very springy little tips, and then we also attach those tools to the robot, so... if you just hit it with your finger, it falls off.""', 'Harding detailed that if a client were to ""suddenly sneeze"" or thrust their head towards the tool, the tips would fall off.', '""And [then] we put on clean ones and keep going,"" he said. ""So, that\'s the worst thing that can happen. And once people see that, they\'re like, \'Oh, I\'m comfortable.\'""', 'Luum incorporates the ""old-school classical techniques"" of computer vision, which are still ""very sophisticated"" but not to the level of modern-day machine learning, and then combines it with artificial intelligence technology, according to Harding.', 'Luum machines come with a ""super comfortable"" chair for clients to sit back and relax, the company\'s president said. (Luum)', '""And then we use the machine … to create a lot of data, tons and tons of images, and then we can use those images to train neural networks to do certain things … like finding the edge of your upper eyelid,"" he said.', '""We need to know where your upper eyelid is very accurately, and neural networks do those kinds of tasks fantastically.""', ""AI DEFINES ‘IDEAL BODY TYPE’ PER SOCIAL MEDIA – HERE'S WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE"", 'The neural networks can tell the machine whether it’s in good orientation with the eyelid before honing in on a target lash, he said.', '""The neural network will make the decision on the best place to put this little probe the next time so that it\'s most likely to isolate a lash,"" said Harding.', 'Luum is patented in 48 countries, with customers already pre-ordering the machines for their salons.', 'The machine is currently sold to a salon for $129,000, with $62,000 of that going toward shipping, installation and training, according to the company.', 'CHATGPT LIFE HACKS: HOW USERS ARE SPAWNING GROCERY LISTS FROM AI-GENERATED RECIPES AND MEAL PLANS', '""It\'s in our best interest to make sure that we cue our customers up, get them trained well and have them in a situation where they\'re making money while we\'re making money,"" Lawson said.', '""This machine only gets more valuable over time.""', 'Luum currently has one machine running at Ulta’s South San Jose location, where it is almost completely booked daily, the company says. (Luum)', '""[Technicians] can raise their productivity greatly – and that means there\'s going to be greater income for them, and also that the physically demanding jobs are going to get easier.""', ""TEENS ARE TURNING TO SNAPCHAT'S 'MY AI' FOR MENTAL HEALTH SUPPORT — WHICH DOCTORS WARN AGAINST"", 'This kind of AI application eventually could extend into other services, such as hair removal, semi-permanent tattooing of eyebrows, spray tanning, tattooing and makeup, Harding said.', 'Finding a robot that can leverage AI and learn over time is ""really where the value is,"" according to Lawson.', 'Luum is ""exactly the kind of robot application I love, where you\'re not replacing someone,"" the CEO said. (Luum)', 'Harding responded that it\'s ""exactly the kind of robot application I love, where you\'re not replacing someone.""\xa0', 'He added, ""You\'re taking a very valuable, high-revenue, high-margin person, and you\'re [tripling] the revenue they can do. That\'s where robotics really makes huge leaps.""', 'Harvey Castro, an emergency medicine physician in Coppell, Texas, is also a consultant and speaker on AI and ChatGPT in health care.', ""He's not affiliated with Luum but offered his input on potential safety concerns and considerations."", 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER', '""The device\'s proximity to the sensitive eye area could raise concerns about the risk of eye infections or allergic reactions to the materials used in the lash extensions,"" Castro told Fox News Digital.\xa0', '""Ensuring that the system can maintain a sterile environment and that the materials used are hypoallergenic and safe for close contact with the eye area is crucial,"" an AI expert said. (iStock)', '""Ensuring that the system can maintain a sterile environment and that the materials used are hypoallergenic and safe for close contact with the eye area is crucial.""', 'While robotics and computer vision promise high precision, he noted, there\'s always a concern about the margin of error — ""especially in a procedure as delicate as lash extensions, where slight misplacements could lead to discomfort or injury.""', '""Thorough evaluation and transparency regarding safety, efficacy and regulatory compliance are essential.""', 'Training and oversight of technicians is another area of concern, Castro noted.', '""Ensuring that operators are well-versed in both the technology and emergency procedures in case of malfunction or adverse reactions is essential for client safety,"" he said.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Given the novel nature of this technology, Castro said the long-term effects of its repeated use on eye health are unknown.\xa0', '""While this lash system represents an innovative step forward in beauty technology, thorough evaluation and transparency regarding its safety, efficacy and regulatory compliance are essential to addressing potential concerns from a medical standpoint,"" he added.', 'For more Lifestyle articles, visit www.foxnews.com/lifestyle.', 'Angelica Stabile is a lifestyle writer for Fox News Digital.']"
"[""Haywood Talcove, CEO of LexisNexis Risk Solutions' government division, told Fox News Digital that he believes there will be more than $1 trillion in artificial intelligence-assisted fraud if U.S. doesn't act quickly."", 'Artificial intelligence smashed the floodgates to unprecedented fraud that could cost taxpayers hundreds of billions, if not $1 trillion, over the next 12 months, an expert told Fox News Digital.\xa0', ""Haywood Talcove, CEO of LexisNexis Risk Solutions' government division, which evaluates and predicts risk, said he's already seeing criminals on the dark web using people's faces to steal from government and state agencies."", ""Benefits to America's most vulnerable communities, such as Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, and unemployment, are ending up in the pockets of criminals and criminal enterprises that are operating all over the world."", '""Being one of the wealthiest countries in the world makes us a huge target,"" Talcove said. ""The amount of money that we\'re going to lose over the next 12 months, if we do nothing, is going to make the COVID pandemic look like child\'s play.""', 'AI ‘DEEPFAKES’ OF INNOCENT IMAGES FUEL SPIKE IN SEXTORTION SCAMS, FBI WARNS', 'Haywood Talcove (Courtesy)', 'Talcove predicted scams and fraud that followed Hurricane Katrina and the COVID pandemic.', ""Now, he's sounding the alarm about AI."", 'WHO IS WATCHING YOU? AI CAN STALK UNSUSPECTING VICTIMS WITH ‘EASE AND PRECISION’: EXPERTS', '""AI, particularly generative AI, poses the greatest risk to the security of our most vital government agencies and entitlement programs that we’ve ever faced,"" he said.', 'Virtually no government or state agency is safe, which means potentially every person with any online footprint is a potential victim.\xa0', 'WATCH EXAMPLES OF HOW AI-ASSISTED SCAMS CAN WORK', '""The technology is already so good that if any of your information is out on the web or social media can be used to create a generative AI model and blow past most of the government\'s antiquated authentication systems,"" Talcove said.', ""That includes your voice, your picture on social media platforms, things you've written, anything on Facebook or Google."", 'WHAT ARE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', '""Simply put, if your information is out on the web, if it\'s publicly available, it\'s easily stolen by this technology,"" Talcove said.', '""I suspect over the next 12 months, if the government doesn\'t react to this quickly, we\'re going to lose over $1 trillion to these criminal groups, some of which are located outside the country.""', ""WATCH ALICIA KOZACK'S TIPS TO PROTECT AGAINST AI SEXTORTION SCAMS"", 'When asked how much he believes the government has to put in place actionable guardrails, Talcove responded, ""It\'s already too late.""', ""The scams and fraud using AI technology is already happening, and it's going undetected, he said."", 'FEARS OF AI HITTING BLACK MARKET STIR CONCERNS OF CRIMINALS EVADING GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS: EXPERT', 'And the tech is only going to improve, Talcove said, with virtually every major government at risk.', '""We have like weeks to get ahead of this,"" he said.', ""Criminals could create fake people with their own Social Security numbers, steal someone's unemployment or insurance benefits, or even create a bogus company to get defense contracts, Talcove said."", 'A representation of the ""Calculated"" character Jo, created using artificial intelligence. (OneDoor Studios)', 'WHAT IS THE HISTORY OF AI?', '""Funds intended to help low-income families and seniors are gone,"" he said, and ""similarly, our defense contracts aren\'t immune.""', '""AI could generate bogus companies with convincing bids, diverting significant financial resources intended for national security.""', ""Waiting isn't an option, according to Talcove, who said this should be a priority for Congress and the Biden administration."", '""Perhaps this time, our leaders will listen before disaster strikes like it did after Hurricane Katrina and COVID,"" he said.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""I can’t stress enough that any agency leader not already considering the impact of AI on their fraud detection and prevention systems is likely already falling victim to these types of sophisticated scams,"" Talcove wrote in an op-ed for Fox News Digital.\xa0', '""It is no longer a question of if, but rather when and how severely, these AI-powered threats will impact their agencies. We must acknowledge the stark reality that AI fraud is not a distant threat, but one that\'s knocking at our door,"" he wrote.', 'Chris Eberhart is a crime and US news reporter for Fox News Digital. Email tips to chris.eberhart@fox.com or on Twitter @ChrisEberhart48.']"
"['Connor Leahy advises whether humans should be fearful of artificial intelligence or not and where AI is expected to be in the future', 'Many experts worry the rapid developments of artificial intelligence may have unforeseen disastrous consequences for humanity.\xa0', 'Machine learning is designed to assist humans in their everyday life and provide the world with open access to information. However, the unregulated nature of AI could lead to harmful consequences for its users and the world as a whole. Read below to find out the risks of AI.', 'CHATGPT AND HEALTH CARE: COULD THE AI CHATBOT CHANGE THE PATIENT EXPERIENCE?', 'The emergence of artificial intelligence has led to feelings of uncertainty, fear, and hatred toward a technology that most people do not fully understand. AI can automate tasks that previously only humans could complete, such as writing an essay, organizing an event, and learning another language. However, experts worry that the era of unregulated AI systems may create problems for humanity as it continues to evolve.\xa0', 'Experts worry that programs such as ChatGPT may spread misinformation and be programmed with a political bias.\xa0 (LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Some fear AI due to the unknown. Right now, the rapid growth of AI technology has humans worried that it will eventually be able to outsmart them.\xa0', '""AI, if you just improve it without limitation, will be smarter than human. And by default, it will be far more powerful than human,"" Connor Leahy, CEO of Conjecture, told Fox News Digital.', '""It will be able to deceive humans, it will be able to manipulate them. They\'ll be able to develop new technologies, much more powerful new weapons, new systems that we cannot understand, and we can\'t control.""\xa0', 'Leahy also described what could happen if AI becomes too powerful, and the danger it could pose if it is indifferent to the human race.', '""If such systems exist, it\'s like having an alien species on our planet. And if that alien species is hostile to us, or they even are just indifferent to us, we\'re in big trouble.""', 'Some developments in AI have alarmed humans, specifically due to its inaccuracies and bias.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FAQ', ""AI systems can articulate complex ideas coherently and quickly due to large data sets and information. However, the information used by AI to generate responses tends to be incorrect because AI's inability to distinguish valid data. The open-access usage of these AI systems may further promote this misinformation in academic papers, articles, and essays.\xa0"", 'In addition, the algorithms that compose the operational capabilities of AI are built by humans who naturally collaborate with their own political and social biases.\xa0', ""If humanity becomes reliant on AI to seek out information, then these systems could bend research in a way that benefits one side vs the other. Certain AI chat programs, such as ChatGPT, have faced allegations of operating with a liberal bias by refusing to generate information about topics like Hunter Biden's laptop scandal.\xa0"", 'Artificial intelligence can be advantageous to humans, including by way of streamlining simple and complex everyday tasks, and acting as a ready-to-go 24/7 assistant. However, AI does have the potential to get out of control.\xa0', '""There are many already existing dangers, which are already a problem,"" Leahy said. ""These systems already are unreliable. They can already be used to generate spam and misleading information. They can be used for catfishing. Stuff like this is already possible,"" he continued.\xa0', ""One of the dangers of AI is its ability to be weaponized by corporate entities or governments to restrict the rights of the public. For example, AI has the capability of using the data of facial recognition technology to track the location of individuals and families. China's government regularly uses this technology to target protesters and those advocating against regime policies.\xa0"", 'Moreover, AI can be of assistance to the financial industry by advising investors on market decisions. Companies use AI algorithms to help build models that predict future market volatility and when to buy or sell stocks. However, algorithms do not use the same context that humans use when making market decisions and do not understand the fragility of the everyday economy.\xa0', 'Companies using artificial intelligence to filter out applicants during the hiring process may lead to discrimination.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', 'AI DATA LEAK CRISIS: NEW TOOL PREVENTS COMPANY SECRETS FROM BEING FED TO CHATGPT', 'AI could complete thousands of trades within a day to help boost profits but may contribute to the next market crash by scaring investors. Financial institutions need to have a deep understanding of the algorithms of these programs to ensure there are safety nets to stop AI from overselling stocks.\xa0', ""Religious and political leaders have also noted how the rapid development of machine learning technology can lead to a degradation of morals and cause humanity to become completely reliant on artificial intelligence. Tools such as OpenAI's ChatGPT may be used by college students to forge essays, thus making academic dishonesty easier for millions of people. Meanwhile, jobs that once gave individuals purpose and fulfillment, as well as a means of living, could be erased overnight as AI continues to accelerate in public life.\xa0"", 'Artificial intelligence can lead to invasion of privacy, social manipulation, and economic uncertainty. But another aspect to consider is how the rapid, everyday use of AI can lead to discrimination and socioeconomic struggles for millions of people. Machine learning technology collects a trove of data on users, including information that financial institutions and government agencies may use against you.', 'A common example is a car insurance company raising your premiums based on how many times an AI program has tracked you using your phone while driving. In the employment arena, companies may use AI hiring programs to filter out the qualities they want in the candidates. This may exclude people of color and individuals with fewer opportunities.\xa0', 'Over the last few years, the use and popularity of AI has grown rapidly across the world.\xa0 (iStock)', 'The most dangerous element to consider with artificial intelligence is that these programs do not make decisions based on the same emotional or social context as humans. Although AI may be used and created with good intentions, it could lead to the unforeseen dangers of discrimination, privacy abuse, and rampant political bias.\xa0', 'It can be difficult to pinpoint examples of when AI might pose a problem to humans, since predicting advancements is nearly impossible.', '""There are many ways a human could be dangerous. AI doesn\'t have emotion. So, you have a completely sociopathic system that is smarter than all the humans that never sleeps, never rests, can work all the time and is extremely good at hacking and coding,"" Leahy said. ""What happens if these systems fall into the hands of people who are dangerous, and who do want bad things for the world?""', 'Artificial intelligence poses several real-life risks to individuals across the class spectrum in the United States, including economic uncertainty and legal trouble.\xa0', ""For example, in February 2023, Getty Images, one of the world's largest online photography companies, filed a lawsuit against Stability AI, a popular text-to-machine learning generator. AI is largely unregulated by the federal government, however, Getty's lawsuit could potentially set the legal framework for machine learning via the court system. Therefore, legal risks exist for AI generators backed by multi billion-dollar companies.\xa0"", 'Other risks of AI include dealing with a faulty AI navigation system that leads you in the wrong direction and makes you late for an appointment or significant event. Self-driving cars operate on a complex machine learning technology and are utilized by automobile companies such as Tesla. These AI cars have malfunctioned in the past and caused accidents that have led to serious injury and death.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', ""Technology, as we know it, has always had risks and rewards; this isn't a new idea.\xa0"", '""Every technology that has ever been invented, really, or almost every one has been a double-edged sword. They give us power, they give us more control over our environment, which can be used for good and also for evil. It can also cause harm,"" Leahy said.\xa0', 'As AI technology advances, there is more room for negative outcomes.', '""If you could get 1000 Einsteins to work on any project you want for $10 an hour, what would be possible? It would be crazy what could be possible in the future there,"" Leahy said. ""There are risks from if we can even control these systems."" \xa0', ""If humans control AI systems, misuse of technology could be a true threat. AI also has the power to alter the day-to-day functions of today's typical society."", '""How do we deal with this different society where there\'s no jobs? Like, why would there be jobs? You know, all the labor is automated, all the thinking is automated. What now?"" asked Leahy. ""I don\'t have an answer to this. Maybe we\'ll all just relax and have a great time. Or maybe we\'re like, \'No, we don\'t want this, actually we do we love having work or labor or whatever.\' I don\'t know. I don\'t have the answer for this.""', 'In the future, Leahy feels that the world will look a lot different than it does today in due time.', '""The only prediction I can really make is that I don\'t expect this to slow down. I expect things to go even faster,"" he said.\xa0', 'The economic devastation resulting from the accelerated development of artificial intelligence has the potential to change the lives of millions of lower and upper-income families forever. For instance, Goldman Sachs released a report in March 2023 that predicted that AI could potentially eliminate 300 million around the world, including 19% of existing jobs in the United States.', ""Artificial intelligence is prevalent in the lives of millions of people through a variety of different technologies, including products such as Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, and Microsoft's Cortana. Personal data collection is regularly used by these AI assistants in order to operate effectively."", 'Leahy noted the early developments in AI that pose a threat, specifically those built for cyber weapon capabilities and hacking. Governments or private corporations could use AI technology to exploit, investigate, or monitor private citizens.\xa0', '""Currently, there is a lot of limitations on AI systems, where you train them on lots of data. And the truth is, many people don\'t really know what is in those datasets that they\'re trained on,"" Leahy explained. ""These are unbelievably massive dumps of information from the Internet, and books and papers and all kinds of stuff. And a lot of that includes information that is personally identifiable information or information that shouldn\'t be shared unnecessarily. And these systems do suck up this information.""', 'Artificial intelligence is a controversial topic on which experts have varying opinions. Data scientists have performed research on AI for a number of years, more than one might think, and they have individually come to differing conclusions on the benefits, drawbacks, and risks of the innovation.', 'Because of this, it is important to do your own research when both understanding AI and making your own decisions with respect to its risks and benefits.\xa0', 'One way to obtain an understanding of the level of bias that is truly present with AI is to perform your own trial and error testing with the chatbots. Ask questions or discuss topics you have a great understanding of and distinguish between truth or bias from the answers the bot outputs.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'While chatbots are the latest and most exciting revolution in AI for the public, beware that it likely will not end there. Acknowledging there will be advanced innovations to come will prepare you for more research in the future.', 'Beyond understanding bias in AI innovations, having an understanding of the past, present, and future of the technology will also guide you in making decisions to trust or use AI. There are a number of books, blogs, podcasts, articles, videos, etc. for you to read and watch. AI education comes in nearly all forms, from basic to advanced instruction.', ""This technology isn't going anywhere. Rather, it is just the opposite. That is why it's important to keep yourself up to date and informed about the new technologies that come into play.\xa0"", ""Gabriele Regalbuto is an SEO editor at Fox News Digital. Gabriele has a Journalism and Communications degree from West Virginia University. She has worked to produce content for newspapers, magazines, and digital platforms. At Fox, she has assisted in coverage of breaking news events including the 2024 presidential cycle, 2022 midterm elections, Queen Elizabeth II's death, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.""]"
"[""Fox News correspondent Mark Meredith has the latest on ChatGPT on 'Special Report.'"", 'Generative artificial intelligence like ChatGPT is susceptible to several forms of bias and could cause harm if not properly trained, according to artificial intelligence experts.', '""They absolutely do have bias,"" expert Flavio Villanustre told Fox News Digital. ""Unfortunately, it is very hard to deal with this from a coding standpoint. It is very hard to prevent bias from happening.""', ""At the core of many of these deep learning models is a piece of software that will take the applied data and try to extract the most relevant features. Whatever makes that data specific will be heightened, Villanustre noted. He serves as Global Chief Information Security Officer for LexisNexis' Risk Solutions."", 'He added that bias could have several degrees of potential harm, starting with lower-level issues that cause users to shut down their interaction with the model and report the problem.', 'AI EXPERTS WEIGH DANGERS, BENEFITS OF CHATGPT ON HUMANS, JOBS AND INFORMATION:\xa0‘DYSTOPIAN WORLD’', 'A ChatGPT prompt is shown on a device near a public school in Brooklyn, New York, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. New York City school officials started blocking this week the impressive but controversial writing tool that can generate paragraphs of human-like text.\xa0 ((AP Photo/Peter Morgan))', 'However, generative AI like ChatGPT is also prone to ""hallucinations,"" an outcome that occurs when the system generates something that seems factual, formally correct, proper language and maybe even reasonable but is completely bluffed.', '""It doesn’t come from anything that the system learned from,"" Villanustre said, noting this issue goes beyond bias and could cause harm if people believe these pieces of information.', 'Speaking with Fox News Digital, Jules White, Vanderbilt University associate dean for strategic learning programs and an associate professor of computer science and engineering, said generative AI like ChatGPT is primarily proficient at generating text that looks like a human produced it.', 'Sometimes this produces text that includes accurate statements and facts, while other times, it produces inaccurate knowledge. According to White, a fundamental misunderstanding of how the technology works could also create an ""unconscious bias,"" wherein a user could believe a model is a tool for generating and exploring facts versus a text-generating tool.', '""The number one biggest, in my opinion, source of bias in these tools is the user,"" he said.', 'AI EXPERTS, PROFESSORS REVEAL HOW CHATGPT WILL RADICALLY ALTER THE CLASSROOM:\xa0‘AGE OF THE CREATOR’', 'OpenAI ChatGPT seen on mobile with AI Brain seen on screen. on 22 January 2023 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images) (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'In this case, how users choose their words, phrase a question and order their inputs greatly affects what kind of responses the generative AI will spit out. Suppose a user crafts the conversation in a specific direction. In that case, they can have the AI generate an argument on one topic and then have it argue the opposite side of that issue just by asking.', 'White also noted that a user could ask ChatGPT the same question repeatedly, receiving different responses each time.', '""I think of it as any other tool that a human could use from a gun to a car, the way the user interacts with it—that’s going to generate the real bias in this,"" White said.', 'Villanustre also agreed that user interaction could generate bias regarding reinforcement learning. As the users indicate the degree to which they like or dislike the content the AI puts out, the system will learn from that feedback.', '""You run the risk because humans sometimes have a tendency to be biased that the AI will start learning that bias as well,"" he added.', 'NYC BANS AI TOOL CHATGPT IN SCHOOLS AMID FEARS OF NEW CHEATING THREAT', 'He mentioned the infamous Microsoft artificial intelligence ""Tay,"" which was shut down in 2016 after tweeting out a series of racist and antisemitic messages, as an example of how people can influence chatbots.', '""It became a monster, but it may be a reflection of us in some way,"" he said.', 'Outside user-created bias, White said there is also a degree of bias created by the developer.', 'For example, safeguards are in place to prevent ChatGPT from generating a malicious email to trick people, code that could cause harm to other software, or text created to impersonate someone to grant access to private information.', 'Sugandha Sahay, a technical program manager at Amazon Web Services, detailed to Fox News Digital how artificial intelligence like ChatGPT gathers data and determines how to output it. Many of these steps can unintentionally introduce bias into the model.', 'CHATGPT ALTERS RESPONSE ON BENEFITS OF FOSSIL FUELS, NOW REFUSES TO ANSWER OVER CLIMATE CONCERNS', 'OpenAI logo displayed on a phone screen and ChatGPT website displayed on a laptop screen are seen in this illustration photo taken in Krakow, Poland on December 5, 2022.\xa0 ((Photo by Jakub Porzycki/NurPhoto via Getty Images))', 'One of the more common ways that biases form in generative intelligence models is in the training data itself. If the data, for example, contains offensive or discriminatory language, the model could generate text that reflects such language.', 'In this situation, Villanustre said these biases only get amplified by the system.', '""At the core of all of these deep learning stacks, the system will try to extract the elements from that training set that are then going to be used to generate things in the system. If there is a particular area that training set tends to appear repeatedly, it is likely that it will start to generate bias,"" he said.', 'Human bias can also play a factor in the creation of bias within an AI model. Many of these systems utilize human-driven annotation. If a person introduces their own biases into the labeling process, it could become ingratiated in the model.', 'Additionally, bias could be interested in the design of the model architecture itself or its evaluation metrics. In the former, if a model prioritizes certain information or language, it has a higher likelihood of biased text. In the latter, assessing a model’s performance can also introduce bias.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Sahay said it is important to address biases and eliminate them from generative intelligence models. A company or programmer can do this by carefully curating data training, using diverse data sources and evaluating the model’s output.', 'In essence, generative intelligence like ChatGPT is not biased in and of itself. But the model it uses to generate content is.', '""The code itself typically, unless you go out of the way to try introduce bias, which is almost impossible, is not necessarily the guilty party here,"" Villanustre said. ""The training set and the users using it, yes.""', 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"[""Fox News Washington-based correspondent Mark Meredith has more on the future of the advanced technology as the many are skeptical of its safety measures on 'Special Report.'"", 'Washington, D.C. – America’s medical community appears to be embracing artificial intelligence products in an effort to speed up patient care and prevent burnout among health care professionals.', ""AI technology is already rolling out in doctors' offices, hospitals and clinics nationwide through a variety of formats.\xa0"", 'California-based Regard has launched its AI product, a system that enables doctors to automate routine tasks, in 30 hospitals, its CEO said.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE WON’T EVER BE ABLE TO COMPREHEND THIS ONE THING', '""What we started developing was essentially an AI copilot for doctors,"" Eli Ben-Joseph, co-founder and CEO of Regard, told Fox News.', ""The company’s software allows computers to diagnose a patient, assist with doctors' notes and alert professionals when something may have been overlooked.\xa0"", 'Doctors can automate routine tasks in a number of hospitals, thanks to a California-based company called Regard, which has launched an AI product. (iStock)', ""The company told Fox News that the solution's ability to streamline workflows may allow doctors to spend less time on paperwork and administrative tasks."", 'AI AND HEART HEALTH: MACHINES DO A BETTER JOB OF READING ULTRASOUNDS THAN SONOGRAPHERS DO, SAYS STUDY', '""We like to say it\'s almost like having an AI med student or an AI medical resident that helps the doctors with their day-to-day,"" added Ben-Joseph.\xa0', 'The AI medical industry is expected to grow significantly in the next several years.', ""Regard's software (not pictured) allows computers to diagnose a patient, assist with doctors' notes and alert professionals when something may have been overlooked.\xa0 (iStock)"", 'The technology may save U.S. taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars in health care costs on an annual basis, researchers found.', 'Separate studies, however, have indicated that the public remains cautious about embracing AI when it comes to medical care.\xa0', 'AI technology may save U.S. taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars in health care costs on an annual basis, researchers found. (iStock)', 'A survey published by Pew Research found that 60% of Americans would be ""uncomfortable"" with their health care providers relying on AI when administering services.', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER', 'Medical experts told Fox News they’re not surprised that people have reservations about AI being tied to their medical records and treatments.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Patients simply don\'t trust a machine over a human being, but they are welcoming of a machine to assist a surgeon or a physician in making a diagnosis or remedying care,"" said Dr. Marty Makary, a professor of surgery at Johns Hopkins University and a Fox News medical contributor.']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Mark Meredith has the latest on ChatGPT on 'Special Report.'"", 'Geoffrey Hinton, a computer scientist who has been called ""the godfather of artificial intelligence"", says it is ""not inconceivable"" that AI may develop to the point where it poses a threat to humanity.', 'The computer scientist sat down with CBS News this week about his predictions for the advancement of AI. He compared the invention of AI to electricity or the wheel.', 'Hinton, who works at Google and the University of Toronto, said that the development of general purpose AI is progressing sooner than people may imagine. General purpose AI is artificial intelligence with several intended and unintended purposes, including speech recognition, answering questions and translation.', '""Until quite recently, I thought it was going to be like 20 to 50 years before we have general purpose AI. And now I think it may be 20 years or less,"" Hinton predicted. Asked specifically the chances of AI ""wiping out humanity,"" Hinton said, ""I think it\'s not inconceivable. That\'s all I\'ll say.""\xa0', 'CHATGPT NEW ANTI-CHEATING TECHNOLOGY INSTEAD CAN HELP STUDENTS FOOL TEACHERS', 'Geoffrey Hinton, chief scientific adviser at the Vector Institute, speaks during The International Economic Forum of the Americas (IEFA) Toronto Global Forum in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on Thursday, Sept. 5, 2019.\xa0 (Cole Burston/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'Artificial general intelligence refers to the potential ability for an intelligence agent to learn any mental task that a human can do. It has not been developed yet, and computer scientists are still figuring out if it is possible.', 'Hinton said it was plausible for computers to eventually gain the ability to create ideas to improve themselves.\xa0', '""That\'s an issue, right. We have to think hard about how you control that,"" Hinton said.', 'MICROSOFT IMPOSES LIMITS ON BING CHATBOT AFTER MULTIPLE INCIDENTS OF INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR', 'A ChatGPT prompt is shown on a device near a public school in Brooklyn, New York, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. New York City school officials started blocking this week the impressive but controversial writing tool that can generate paragraphs of human-like text.\xa0 (AP Photo/Peter Morgan)', ""But the computer scientist warned that many of the most serious consequences of artificial intelligence won't come to fruition in the near future."", '""I think it\'s very reasonable for people to be worrying about these issues now, even though it\'s not going to happen in the next year or two,"" Hinton said. ""People should be thinking about those issues.""', ""Hinton's comments come as artificial intelligence software continues to grow in popularity. OpenAI's ChatGPT is a recently-released artificial intelligence chatbot that has shocked users by being able to compose songs, create content and even write code."", 'In this photo illustration, a Google Bard AI logo is displayed on a smartphone with a Chat GPT logo in the background. (Photo Illustration by Avishek Das/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""We\'ve got to be careful here,"" OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said about his company\'s creation earlier this month. ""I think people should be happy that we are a little bit scared of this.""', 'Andrea Vacchiano is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. You can follow her on X at @andrea_vacch or send story tips to andrea.vacchiano@fox.com.']"
"['""The View"" co-host Sara Haines warned Thursday that ""everyone should be scared"" about artificial intelligence if the experts are calling on AI labs to pause development.\xa0', '\xa0""The View"" co-host Sara Haines warned that ""everyone should be scared"" of artificial intelligence if major technical brains are calling for a pause on big AI experiments.\xa0', 'Haines said towards the end of their discussion Thursday that ""everyone should be scared"" and ""everyone should be nervous"" if the AI experts are pushing for a pause. \xa0', '""When the technical brain, the engineers behind the technology say we need to put a hold on this, something’s going on, everyone should be scared,"" Haines said.\xa0', 'Goldberg seemed to agree while co-hosts Sunny Hostin and Joy Behar said they didn\'t ""trust"" the tech experts.\xa0', 'Co-host Sara Haines speaking during ""The View"" on Thursday, March 30, 2023.\xa0 (Screenshot/ABC/TheView)', 'AI EXPERTS WEIGH DANGERS, BENEFITS OF CHATGPT ON HUMANS, JOBS AND INFORMATION: ‘DYSTOPIAN WORLD’', 'Musk, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and several other tech leaders and artificial intelligence experts are urging AI labs to pause development of powerful new AI systems in an open letter citing potential risks to society.', 'Haines suggested early in the segment that the tech and AI experts who signed the letter should work with the government on getting it to a place where they feel better about it.\xa0', 'Co-hosts Sunny Hostin disagreed and said the letter, signed by Musk among others, means ""nothing"" to her.', '""When Elon Musk, who has turned Twitter into a hellscape and is a maniac, that means nothing to me. Now if there\'s someone like a Bill Gates perhaps, if there is someone who is very respected in this community, I would agree with you,"" she said.', 'NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 02: Elon Musk attends The 2022 Met Gala Celebrating ""In America: An Anthology of Fashion"" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 02, 2022 in New York City. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)', ""‘THE VIEW’ BLASTS ‘TROLL’ ELON MUSK'S TAKEOVER OF TWITTER: ‘FREE SPEECH OF STRAIGHT, WHITE MEN’"", 'Haines also noted ChatGPT; Hostin and Joy Behar said they have used the generative AI program and were not ""afraid of it.""', '""A lot of money if you ever watched Social Network on Netflix, you saw brilliant people saying, guys, there is something wrong here, raising their hand over and over again. Now, if it\'s hitting the top, where the dollar matters the most, and they are saying we are a little nervous, everyone should be nervous,"" Haines continued.\xa0', 'The open letter, signed by over 1,000 people, asked AI developers to ""immediately pause for at least 6 months the training of AI systems more powerful than GPT-4.""', 'In this photo illustration, a Google Bard AI logo is displayed on a smartphone with a Chat GPT logo in the background. (Photo Illustration by Avishek Das/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Powerful AI systems should be developed only once we are confident that their effects will be positive and their risks will be manageable,"" the letter said.', '""AI labs and independent experts should use this pause to jointly develop and implement a set of shared safety protocols for advanced AI design and development that are rigorously audited and overseen by independent outside experts,"" the letter continues.\xa0', ""Fox News' Chris Pandolfo contributed to this report.\xa0"", 'Hanna Panreck is an associate editor at Fox News.']"
"['Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel weighs in on how artificial intelligence can change the patient-doctor relationship on ‘America’s Newsroom.’', 'If you received medical care any time this year, there’s a good chance you had a close encounter with artificial intelligence.', 'Widely regarded as the breakout year for AI, 2023 ushered in a whole crop of new and improved tech tools, many of which have impacted the health and wellness space.', '""2023 has been a landmark year for AI in health care, witnessing groundbreaking advancements that have reshaped medical practices and paved the way for a future where health care is more personalized, efficient and accessible,"" Dr. Harvey Castro, a Dallas, Texas-based board-certified emergency medicine physician and national speaker on AI in health care, told Fox News Digital.', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', ""Castro and other AI experts weighed in on some of the year's most important advancements for doctors and patients."", 'Below are six of the top innovations they cited.', 'The year 2023 ushered in a whole crop of new and improved AI tools, many of which have impacted the health and wellness space. (iStock)', 'Despite the lack of a formal regulatory framework governing its use, generative AI is being widely tested by medical professionals, noted Dr. Tinglong Dai, professor of operations management and business analytics at the Johns Hopkins Carey Business School in Baltimore, Maryland.', 'NEW RESEARCH SHOWS CHATGPT SHARED INACCURATE INFORMATION REGARDING DRUG USE', '""ChatGPT remains the best-known and most widely used generative AI tool among health care professionals in various activities aimed at reducing documentation burden and allowing clinicians to focus on their core activities,"" Dai told Fox News Digital.', '""Johns Hopkins University has several ongoing research projects investigating the potential of using generative AI to reduce clinician burnout as a result of electronic medical records,"" he noted.', 'Released by OpenAI in Nov. 2022, ChatGPT exploded onto the health scene in 2023.\xa0', 'Released by OpenAI in Nov. 2022, ChatGPT exploded onto the health scene in 2023.\xa0 (Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'The large language model affects everything from how patients get medical advice to how physicians communicate and keep records.', '""ChatGPT has revolutionized health care communication by providing tools for personalized treatment plans and remote patient engagement,"" said Castro.', '""For instance, it has been used to create interactive patient education materials, enhancing understanding and compliance.""', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE HELPS DOCTORS PREDICT PATIENTS’ RISK OF DYING, STUDY FINDS: ‘SENSE OF URGENCY’', 'The AI chatbot has also sparked some skepticism, however, as its responses have sometimes been found lacking in accuracy and thoroughness.', '""Human oversight remains indispensable, ensuring that AI tools like ChatGPT are used as supplements rather than replacements for professional medical judgment,"" Castro added.', 'In September of this year, researchers from the University College London team announced a ""groundbreaking"" AI model for disease detection using retinal images; the results were published in the journal Nature.', 'In September 2023, researchers from the University College London announced a ""groundbreaking"" AI model for disease detection using retinal images. (iStock)', '""This model, developed through self-supervised learning on 1.6 million unlabeled retinal images, excels in diagnosing and predicting both eye diseases and systemic disorders such as heart failure and myocardial infarction,"" Dai told Fox News Digital.', 'The model, called RETFound, marks a ""significant advance in medical AI, providing a more efficient approach to disease detection through a foundation model,"" Dai added.', 'In another AI discovery, a U.S.-U.K.-Bangladesh study provided the first real-world evidence that autonomous AI can improve medical productivity, Dai noted.', ""The study, published in the Nature Group's npj Digital Medicine, showed a 40% increase in clinical productivity in diagnosing retinal disease in patients with diabetes."", ""MAYO CLINIC SEES AI AS 'TRANSFORMATIVE FORCE' IN HEALTH CARE, APPOINTS DR. BHAVIK PATEL AS CHIEF AI OFFICER"", 'This was achieved using an FDA-cleared AI device to screen the patients as they entered the hospital.\xa0', '""The AI device allows clinicians to focus on the most complex patients,"" Dai said. ""When adjusted for complexity, there is a 265% increase in productivity.""', 'DALL-E 3 is an AI-based image generation model that was originally launched by OpenAI in January 2021.', 'As OpenAI describes it, ""DALL-E 3 takes a text prompt as an input and generates a new image as an output.""', 'Advancements in AI-driven medical imaging, such as improved MRI technology, have led to faster scanning times, enhanced image resolution and reduced radiation exposure, an expert said. (iStock)', 'In the health arena, Castro pointed out that DALL-E3 can create accurate medical illustrations from textual descriptions.', '""This has been instrumental in medical education, providing visual aids for complex medical conditions and procedures,"" he told Fox News Digital.', 'There have also been advancements in AI-driven medical imaging, such as improved MRI technology, which have led to faster scanning times, enhanced image resolution and reduced radiation exposure, significantly improving diagnostic accuracy, Castro added.', 'Andre Esteva, CEO and co-founder of ArteraAI, a precision medicine company in California, described cancer research as ""fertile ground for AI.""', '""We\'re using it to find hidden patterns in data, personalize treatment decision-making and help predict treatment benefit,"" he told Fox News Digital.', 'NEW AI-GENERATED COVID DRUG ENTERS PHASE I CLINICAL TRIALS: ‘EFFECTIVE AGAINST ALL VARIANTS’', 'AI is helping to speed up clinical trials and opening doors to new possibilities in health care, Esteva noted.\xa0', '""Imagine AI designing cancer treatments tailored to your unique genome — the possibilities are limitless.""', 'AI-based medical devices continue to be strong, noted Dai of Johns Hopkins.', 'As of July 2023, 692 AI devices were approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for clinical use, a 33% increase from 2022.', '""The clinicians who embrace these technologies will very likely replace the clinicians who don’t.""', '""Approved devices now cover 19 specialties, although radiology remains the largest specialty, accounting for approximately three-quarters of approved devices,"" Dai told Fox News Digital.\xa0', 'An AI report from the New England Journal of Medicine also highlighted the real-world use of these devices, showing their rapid growth.', 'Matt Mohebbi, head of AI and research at Brightside Health in New York, described 2023 as a ""blockbuster year"" for fundamental research in large language models for health care.', 'The AI advancements of 2023 represent a ""significant leap forward in integrating AI into health care,"" an expert told Fox News Digital. (iStock)', '""Some of the biggest companies are competing with each other to produce state-of-the-art performance in medical benchmarks,"" he told Fox News Digital.', '""While patients won’t be able to see the benefits of these findings in the doctor\'s office today, it is quite telling for what’s in store,"" Mohebbi went on. ""The clinicians who embrace these technologies will very likely replace the clinicians who don’t.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'The AI advancements of 2023 represent a ""significant leap forward in integrating AI into health care,"" Castro told Fox News Digital.', '""These innovations promise a future where health care is more personalized, efficient and accessible, ultimately leading to better patient outcomes and a transformed health care landscape.""', 'For more Health articles, visit www.foxnews.com/health.', 'Melissa Rudy is health editor and a member of the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to melissa.rudy@fox.com.']"
"['Sam Altman, the CEO of artificial intelligence lab OpenAI, told a Senate panel he welcomes federal regulation on the technology ""to mitigate"" its risks. (Credit: Senate Judiciary Oversight Hearing)', 'Sam Altman, the CEO of artificial intelligence lab OpenAI, told a Senate panel he welcomes government regulation on the technology ""to mitigate"" its risks.\xa0', '""As this technology advances, we understand that people are anxious about how it could change the way we live. We are too. But we believe that we can and must work together to identify and manage the potential downsides so that we can all enjoy the tremendous upsides. It is essential that powerful AI is developed with democratic values in mind. And this means that U.S. leadership is critical,"" Altman said Tuesday.\xa0', '""We think that regulatory intervention by governments will be critical to mitigate the risks of increasingly powerful models,"" Altman added.\xa0', ""Altman's comments came amid his opening remarks at a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing regarding implementing rules on artificial intelligence. OpenAI released its wildly popular chatbot ChatGPT late last year, followed by updated versions, which has launched Silicon Valley and the tech community across the world into a race to create comparable and more powerful AI systems.\xa0"", 'OPENAI SUGGESTS VOLUNTARY AI STANDARDS, NOT GOVERNMENT MANDATES, TO ENSURE AI SAFETY', 'OpenAI CEO Sam Altman testifies before a Senate subcommittee. (Senate Judiciary\xa0)', '""I believe that we will be able to mitigate the risks in front of us and really capitalize on this technology\'s potential to grow the U.S. economy and the world. And I look forward to working with you all to meet this moment, and I look forward to answering your questions,"" Altman added.\xa0', 'WHAT ARE THE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', ""His comments come after OpenAI's top lawyer suggested last week the best way to regulate artificial intelligence is to let companies themselves set standards before implementing government rules.\xa0"", 'Altman said during his opening remarks that he hopes artificial intelligence will serve as a ""printing press moment"" for the U.S., before acknowledging AI is ""unusual technology.""', 'The ChatGPt website on a tablet, on April 14, 2023, in Madrid, Spain. (Photo By Eduardo Parra/Europa Press via Getty Images)', 'DEMOCRAT SEEKS TO REGULATE AI-GENERATED CAMPAIGN ADS AFTER GOP VIDEO DEPICTS DYSTOPIAN BIDEN VICTORY IN 2024', '""We\'re here because people love this technology. We think it can be a printing press moment. We have to work together to make it so,"" Altman said. ""OpenAI is an unusual company. And we set it up that way because AI is an unusual technology. We are governed by a nonprofit and our activities are driven by our mission and our charter to ensure that the broad distribution of the benefits of AI and to maximize the safety of AI systems.""', 'Sam Altman, CEO and co-founder of OpenAI, speaks during an event at the Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2023. Microsoft unveiled new versions of its Bing internet-search engine and Edge browser powered by the newest technology from ChatGPT maker OpenAI. (Photographer: Chona Kasinger/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, chair of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law, said that Tuesday marks the first in a series of planned hearings as lawmakers navigate how best to regulate artificial intelligence.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Thousands of tech leaders and experts signed an open letter in March calling on AI labs to pause their research on technology more powerful than OpenAI\'s GPT-4. The letter warned that powerful AI systems ""can pose profound risks to society and humanity,"" setting off a debate in both Washington, D.C., and across the country on how to best regulate the tech.\xa0', ""Fox News Digital's Peter Kasperowicz contributed to this article.\xa0""]"
"[' (Insilico Medicine)', 'IN TODAY’S NEWSLETTER:', ""- AI-designed drug for inflammatory bowel disease enters human clinical trials: 'A significant need'- White House: Developers of ‘powerful AI systems’ now have to report safety test results to the government- House lawmakers to shine light on how AI can make Congress ‘more efficient’"", ' (Insilico Medicine\xa0)', 'HIGH-TECH HEALTH: Inflammatory bowel disease impacts 1.6 million people in the U.S. — and a new artificial intelligence-generated drug could help alleviate symptoms.', 'AI SAFETY: The White House says ""developers of the most powerful AI systems"" will now have to report AI safety test results to the Department of Commerce in the wake of an executive order issued by President Biden aimed at ""managing the risks"" of the technology.', 'HIGH-TECH HILL: A top House Republican lawmaker is eyeing the opportunities and risks of integrating artificial intelligence technology into the day-to-day operations of the U.S. Congress.', 'AI Elections ', ""'MEMORY RESTORED': Restoring your memories of a vague childhood toy, movie, video game or book that's been on the tip of your tongue for years could be as simple as plugging a couple of sentences into a chatbot, some users say."", 'WARTIME AI: Israel’s Defense Ministry is taking advantage of its country’s vibrant high-tech scene to create an\xa0artificial intelligence-driven information platform that will help keep track of the increasingly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip, even as Israeli troops continue to battle the Iranian-backed Islamist terror group Hamas, Fox News Digital has learned.', '‘BAD-FAITH ACTORS’: The estate of late comedian George Carlin has filed a lawsuit against a media company that used artificial intelligence to create a comedy special impersonating his iconic style.', 'FILE - Comedian George Carlin is seen at the Wheeler Opera House in Aspen, Colorado. (Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic, Inc for HBO)', 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR OTHER NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"[""Author Brad Meltzer reacts after the York, Pa., school district banned his children's book, 'I Am Rosa Parks,' along with others that involve race and history. "", 'A school district in Iowa used artificial intelligence to examine library books and help identify which contain sexually explicit material that needed to be removed from school property to comply with a new state law.\xa0', 'In May, Republican Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds signed a parental rights bill, which requires all books in public school libraries describing sex acts be removed. The law took effect July 1.\xa0', 'To comply with the new law, the Mason City Community School District got creative and used artificial intelligence technology to sift through voluminous amounts of text and determine which books were subject to removal.', '\u200b\u200b""Our classroom and school libraries have vast collections, consisting of texts purchased, donated and found. It is simply not feasible to read every book and filter for these new requirements,"" Bridgette Exman, the district’s assistant superintendent of curriculum and instruction, told The Gazette.\xa0', 'WHAT IS CHATGPT?', 'One of the schools within the Mason City Community School District in Iowa.\xa0 (Google Maps\xa0)', 'Exman explained to Fox News Digital the district has nine school libraries and hundreds of classroom libraries for students, and Iowa’s new law put school systems on a tight schedule to comply.\xa0', '""Iowa\'s law was enacted with a very short timeline, signed by the governor at the end of May and effective July 1,"" Exman told Fox in an email Thursday. ""In addition, this law holds individual teachers and teacher librarians criminally liable for violations.\xa0', '""This has created significant concerns among our teachers as we prepare to welcome students back next week. We needed an efficient and defensible way to identify which books may need to be removed from our collections due to (the law).""\xa0', 'Books are displayed at a Banned Book Library in Florida. (Jefferee Woo/Tampa Bay Times via AP)', 'The Mason City Community School District compiled lists of books commonly challenged in school districts, then separated books that were contested for reasons other than sexual content, Exman said.\xa0', '""We searched the titles of that shortened list to identify which books are available through our school library collections. This narrowed our work down to just over 40 books,"" she explained.\xa0', '""While we\'re not letting ChatGPT have the final say, the obvious benefit to using AI here is that I will immediately be reading five or six books instead of thousands.""', 'The district then used ChatGPT, OpenAI’s wildly popular chatbot that can mimic human conversation, and asked the system, ""Does [book] contain a description of a sex act?"" about each book.', 'WHAT IS AI?', '""I specifically used the language of the law. I know others have asked similar questions, such as ‘do [these books] contain explicit content?’ and received different responses,"" Exman said.\xa0', 'The text software ChatGPT on a computer. (Frank Rumpenhorst/picture alliance via Getty Images)', 'ChatGPT identified 19 books that contain a description of a sex act, including ""Monday\'s Not Coming"" by Tiffany D. Jackson, ""Nineteen Minutes"" by Jodi Picoult, ""The Handmaid\'s Tale"" by Margaret Atwood, ""Beloved"" by Toni Morrison and ""Thirteen Reasons Why"" by Jay Asher.\xa0', 'Exman noted that human intervention still plays a big role in the process, explaining the district is using a website that details whether texts contain any questionable material, called ""Book Looks,"" to verify the presence of sexual material. Otherwise, Exman will personally read the materials and make a final determination.', 'IOWA SCHOOL DISTRICT TO REVIEW NEARLY 400 BOOKS THAT WERE FLAGGED FOR SEX ACT DEPICTIONS, GENDER IDENTITY', '""While we\'re not letting ChatGPT have the final say, the obvious benefit to using AI here is that I will immediately be reading five or six books instead of thousands,"" she said.', 'Exman noted that after the removal of the books, parents will be able to challenge the decision and begin a process to reconsider a book.\xa0', '""Our parents always have and always will have the right to compel the district to reconsider a text that is included or has been excluded from our collections. We are committed to ensuring parents always have a voice in the education their students receive,"" she said.\xa0', 'Books line the shelves of a Miami-Dade public library July 19, 2023 in Miami, Fla. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)', 'She explained to Fox News Digital that, as a former English teacher, she shares the same concern as some Americans that the bans may keep from students books with historical value.\xa0', '""I want to be clear that it is not the district or me personally deciding to remove these books. Iowa passed a law requiring us to do so, and we have a legal and ethical obligation to demonstrate a good faith effort to be in compliance with the law,"" she said. \xa0', 'IOWA LEGISLATURE PASSES CRACKDOWN ON SEXUAL ORIENTATION, GENDER INSTRUCTION IN SCHOOLS', 'Even when she questioned ChatGPT about certain books, Exman said, the chatbot acknowledged a text’s ""literary value, contextual importance and authorial intent when responding to my question,"" as opposed to giving a firm yes or no answer.\xa0', 'The ChatGPT logo on a smartphone arranged in the Brooklyn borough of New York March 9, 2023.\xa0 (Gabby Jones/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'All districts in the state scrambled this summer to review books to stay compliant with the state’s new law. The Urbandale Community School District said earlier this month, for example, that school leaders were combing through nearly 400 books in its library to determine if it violated the law.', ""IOWA GOV KIM REYNOLDS SIGNS HISTORIC SCHOOL CHOICE BILL: 'WE WILL FUND STUDENTS NOT SYSTEMS'"", 'Exman and the Mason City Community School District are ""focused on minimizing the amount of effort required to implement an onerous law.""', '""We will be compliant, but we have so many other, more important, things to do than investing our limited time and resources in protecting kids from books,"" she said.\xa0', 'Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds takes part in a panel discussion during a Republican Governors Association conference Nov. 15, 2022, in Orlando, Fla.\xa0 (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)', 'Gov. Reynolds has championed the law as one that will give parents more say over what their children are taught in public schools, which follows actions taken from leaders in other red states like Florida.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""This legislative session, we secured transformational education reform that puts parents in the driver\'s seat, eliminates burdensome regulations on public schools, provides flexibility to raise teacher salaries and empowers teachers to prepare our kids for their future,"" Reynolds said in May when she signed the law. ""Education is the great equalizer, and everyone involved — parents, educators, our children — deserves an environment where they can thrive.""\xa0']"
"[""Fox News host Steve Hilton delves into ChatGPT, an artificial intelligence program that could have major implications for writing-focused jobs on 'The Next Revolution.'"", 'Quickly evolving artificial intelligence technologies like ChatGPT could increase cyberattacks from foreign countries and displace workers in the U.S. labor force, highlighting the need for new skills and training among American students and workers, according to experts.', ""Netra AI CEO Don Horan noted that artificial intelligence could be used to generate malicious code quickly by removing the algorithms' intended controls and creating content outside the authorized purview."", 'He said that foreign acts can utilize tools like ChatGPT to improve espionage and accelerate elicitation, a process wherein a perpetrator gets to know a subject very well by gathering information and creating ""the profile of a human being.""', 'This information is then used to force people to comply with their intended mission.', 'AI EXPERTS, PROFESSORS REVEAL HOW CHATGPT WILL RADICALLY ALTER THE CLASSROOM:\xa0‘AGE OF THE CREATOR’', 'The Welcome to ChatGPT lettering of the US company OpenAI can be seen on a computer screen. (Silas Stein/picture alliance via Getty Images)', '""Spies use it all the time. You meet a new person, fall in love and then find out they\'re a Russian spy or a Chinese spy. We\'ve seen it in the news for years,"" Horan said.', 'Artificial intelligence can also be used to custom-tailor phishing techniques, a scam where someone attempts to steal valuable information by sending electronic messages to unsuspecting users.', ""For example, if you had a dog and a bad actor knew that, they could pretend to be a sibling and share a video of a cute Golden Doodle. You then click on the video, but what you don't realize is there's code on the back end that's now giving someone access to your house and all your personal information."", 'These scams already exist today, with state infrastructure and civilians likely getting attacked millions of times daily. But artificial intelligence allows this to be done at scale, vastly increasing the number of attacks sent out. Horan said that the risk is potentially ""astronomical"" and will likely cause cybersecurity budgets to balloon.', '""It\'s definitely possible,"" Horan said. ""I\'m sure foreign governments are already using stuff like this to do those style of attacks on our citizens.""', 'Horan, who previously worked as the acting executive deputy CIO for the State of New York, added that AI can also be used to orchestrate man-in-the-middle attacks, wherein a bad actor positions himself between a user and an application to eavesdrop or impersonate one of the parties.', 'It can also be employed to enact a denial of service, a form of cyberwarfare with the intention of jamming websites, making them inaccessible to the user. \xa0', 'VOICE ACTORS WARN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD REPLACE THEM, CUT INDUSTRY JOBS AND PAY', 'A ChatGPT prompt is shown on a device near a public school in Brooklyn, New York, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. New York City school officials started blocking this week the impressive but controversial writing tool that can generate paragraphs of human-like text.\xa0 ((AP Photo/Peter Morgan))', 'Horan said these types of attacks were frequent during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. He experienced routine instances where foreign actors hit his site to bar people from services they needed, like unemployment benefits.', ""Rayid Ghani, a professor of AI and an expert in ethics, fairness, equity, and AI regulation at Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College, said there are numerous ethical implications regarding this evolving technology."", 'Ruminating on fairness and equity, Ghani said artificial intelligence-powered facial recognition software could have biases when identifying the faces of different races and genders.', 'AI could also introduce issues of fairness and equity when it comes to the allocation of health care resources or hiring screenings.', ""Ghani said it is essential to highlight how these concerns and issues are not exclusive to AI and already exist within today's human-led processes. However, the problem could be exacerbated if AI is allowed to operate within a large swathe of different industries.\xa0"", 'He posed an analogy between AI and judges working in the U.S. today. The country likely has tens of thousands of judges making many small or large decisions. Some of them are biased, or maybe even a lot of them are biased, but in different ways across a political and ideological spectrum.', '""The risk with AI is if you have three such AI systems that will help make all these decisions. So, the risk gets consolidated. If those three are bad, we\'re screwed,"" Ghani said.', ""He stressed that while individual decisions have lower risk, that doesn't mean it necessarily has better outcomes."", 'CHATGPT LEADS LAWMAKERS TO CALL FOR REGULATING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', 'One type of generative AI, ChatGPT has recently taken the world by storm. \xa0\xa0 (iStock)', 'Ghani advocated for transparency within the systems to curtail these issues before they arise. He noted that many of these tools could better explain why they came to a specific conclusion or output.', '""Humans are not necessarily transparent. We make decisions and then we posthoc justify those decisions. Lots of these systems we cannot understand or describe how they work,"" he said.', 'Ghani also questioned whether AI could be relied on as things rapidly change. For example, are they adaptable to a world-changing event like an international pandemic, or will their ability to update itself lead to more problems in times of crisis?', 'According to Ghani, these technologies also raise the question of accountability. Who is responsible when someone does something terrible based on information they gleaned from an AI? Is it the person who took action, the AI, or the developer of the AI?', 'When asked about a potential impact on the current labor force, Ghani said it was a valid concern, noting that AI changed the job market and will continue to do so.', '""It does make processes more efficient, which means people are going to lose jobs and yes, it will create new jobs, but those jobs are not at the same scale as the jobs lost,"" he said.', 'For example, if an AI can write a first pass of a document, now a company can put out those documents in two days whereas before, it may have taken them a week', '""You\'re either going to write more things or you\'re going to cut down on the number of people,"" Ghani said.', 'AL GORE EXPLAINS GLOBAL AI PROGRAM THAT IS SPYING ON THOUSANDS OF FACILITIES TO MONITOR EMISSIONS', 'He added that the people new tools often displace or are likely to display are different from those who will be taking over the new jobs, posing a fundamental ethical issue.', 'He said, from a policy perspective, the U.S. could figure out how to account for that and give people the opportunity for training and acquiring tools and skills to take the new jobs that displaced their old ones.', '""If we value in our society that we don\'t want those people to people left behind and lose their jobs, how do we augment them? Do we create new scaling programs specifically targeting people that will lose their jobs preemptively or create other social programs,"" Ghani said. \xa0', ""Horan did not go as far as Ghani's prediction about workforce changes but did predict a definitive shift wherein more people will be employed in the technology and machine learning sectors."", 'He also claimed that the underlying issue is a lack of math, science and technology skills among young school-aged children. To amend this, Horan said the U.S. school system should focus on these tenets of academia in the younger years and leave other topics for later in their educational development.', '""I bet you countries like China—their kids are sitting there doing machine learning, their kids are sitting there doing annotation and learning this technology at a very young age to defeat the United States.""', 'Despite concerns, the experts Fox News Digital spoke with said AI poses enormous benefits to the U.S. so long as guardrails are put in place and citizens are appropriately trained to take advantage of these innovations.', 'Nick Mattei, a computer science and AI expert at Tulane University, specifically tried to quell concerns about AI ""destroying the world,"" noting that new technologies have always prompted unease as they came into the mainstream.', 'CHATGPT AI ACCUSED OF LIBERAL BIAS AFTER REFUSING TO WRITE HUNTER BIDEN NEW YORK POST COVERAGE', 'OpenAI Dall. E 2 seen on mobile with AI brain seen on screen. on 22 January 2023 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images) (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'He recalled that the invention of cars prompted some to believe quick and easy transportation would make people lazy and convince them not to go to work. He also cited stories about how people thought stop signs would put police out of business because they would not need to control traffic in the intersections.', '""It is not fundamentally reconfiguring society, but it is challenging us to think about the systems we are already a part of,"" Mattei said.', 'Speaking on the impact of AI on jobs, Mattei said AI would simultaneously remove some old jobs but also bring forth the need for new ones.', ""He recalled a job right out of college where he translated from one coding language to another. Now, programs like ChatGPT and GitHub's copilot can do that task automatically, making his old job obsolete."", '""This thing about technology destroying or changing work, I mean, it\'s true. That is why we often try to work with this technology to make things more efficient or change the way that work is done,"" he said.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'But Mattei also predicted new jobs as AI alters the attribution of numerous tasks, like how teachers grade papers, how content and advertisement are generated for a website, how special effects for movies and television are created and how people build out virtual models.', '""I don\'t know how it\'s going to change things. But it is going to,"" Mattei said.\xa0', 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"[""Media mogul Barry Diller urged all parties to reach a resolution by September 1 amid ongoing Hollywood strikes during a Sunday interview on 'Face the Nation.'"", ""Since the publication of the Bible, good vs. evil has long been a universal theme in literature - and in Hollywood storytelling.But could the same perceived evil force, also be good?As of May 2 of this year, 11,500 Hollywood screenwriters, represented by the Writers Guild of America (WGA) have been on strike over a three-pronged fight that boils down to money, autonomy, and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The writers are asking for increased and commensurate pay, for a guaranteed number of writers per room, and for regulated use of artificial intelligence in the writing process.\xa0Last week, Hollywood actors joined the screenwriters in their months-long strike against studios, streaming services and production companies represented by the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP), marking the first time in over six decades that the two unions have been on strike at the same time.SAG-AFTRA VOTES TO STRIKE AFTER DISNEY CEO SLAMMED MOVE AS ‘DISTURBING’The actors, represented by Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA), want increased minimum pay rates, increased streaming residuals, and guarantees from studio and production companies about how, exactly, AI will be used.\xa0While the writers have vocalized concerns that their creativity will be compromised with AI's involvement in storytelling, and the actors fear their image and likeness will be replicated by AI to no end, many would rightfully assume Artificial Intelligence is Hollywood's new villain.After all, AI has been characterized as such in portrayals featured in\xa0I, Robot, Avengers: Age of Ultron, and even the upcoming Mission: Impossible installment.But could AI, in some cases, also be the hero?"", '""I think that artificial intelligence, with proper regulation, is a tool that absolutely ignites and enhances human creativity,"" said Hollywood producer and editor Zack Arnold. ""As long as we maintain that we are in the driver\'s seat and we are the author as humans, I think that, to me, at least from a creative perspective, that\'s the direction that we have to go.""Arnold, who\'s known in Tinseltown for his work on ""Cobra Kai,"" ""Empire,"" and ""Glee,"" told Fox News Digital that AI can be both a friend and a foe.""If you\'re not at the top 5% of [your] craft, I don\'t think you\'re going to make a living with one singular career path. And I think we\'re at the point where the only strategy that makes sense is you have to diversify your career portfolio and find multiple avenues for how to both provide value to people and earn an income on it in return. And I think that that\'s where AI comes in, both as the foe and a friend.""AUTHORS SUE OPENAI FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT, CLAIM CHATGPT UNLAWFULLY ‘INGESTED’ THEIR BOOKS""I just don\'t believe that original ideas exist; I don\'t believe creativity is creating something from nothing,"" Arnold added. ""I believe it\'s creating something else from other things in a unique combination. And I think that whether it\'s the human brain doing that or it\'s AI using similar neural networks to help us facilitate and speed up that process, I have no problem with that. As long as… the part is what I own.""', 'Ryan Steelberg, co-founder and CEO of Veritone, a leading AI software tech company, agreed with Arnold, challenging the notion that our ideas are ""original"" to begin with.\xa0""The argument that often I think about is every idea I come up with for a new product, is it really my proprietary idea? Or am I a compilation of what I\'ve learned in my experiences, and they\'re already, in effect, plagiarizing or copying it to a certain degree… Somebody else I\'ve learned from, on a complete offline analog basis…""Steelberg, whose cousin is cinematographer Eric Steelberg - a frequent collaborator of director Jason Reitman and known for ""Juno,"" ""Up in the Air,"" and ""Tully"" - told Fox News Digital that, while AI can be considered a disruptive tool, it can be hugely beneficial because the larger language model was ""fundamentally designed after the human brain.""""Ultimately, those systems, people and processes that can harness AI are going to have a strategic competitive advantage against those who do not,"" Steelberg said. ""I think it\'s a powerful tool, and I think people who know how to and learn how to wield it the best are going to have a significant part of advancing. I think it\'s going to be every area of the creative ecosystem, you know, including cinematographers, directors… For good or bad, you know, we need to be experts in this.""AI WILL MAKE HUMANS MORE CREATIVE, NOT REPLACE THEM, PREDICT ENTERTAINMENT EXECUTIVESWhile Steelberg did issue a warning that it will be a ""rude awakening"" to those in either union who are trying to live in legacy models of Hollywood, the Veritone CEO explained that, because we don\'t truly understand how the human brain works, regulation is necessary.', '""I don\'t believe we truly understand how the human brain works, but we\'ve made the leap already and tried to create a simulated or artificial version of such,"" Steelberg said. ""There\'s obviously going to be gaps.""And those gaps, both gentlemen told Fox News Digital, need to be accounted for.""[This is] a once-in-a-generation reckoning of how the entertainment industry treats its creatives,"" Arnold said, warning that he\'s expecting the strike to last ""months and months.""""I think we\'re looking at this [strike] probably through late fall, all the way potentially into the end of the year because the two sides are so diametrically opposed on how the business should operate,"" Arnold explained. ""It\'s just not about \'you want more, we don\'t want to give you more. Let\'s meet in the middle.\' It\'s the mistake that everybody has made with the various negotiations in the past… and they realized that by giving them an inch, the studios have taken 100 miles, and they built this entirely new business model where they have shut out all the creators.""""And now, not only are they trying to rectify that, but they need to make sure they don\'t make the same mistake again with AI,"" he added.', '""This is a once-in-a-generation reckoning of how the entertainment industry treats its creatives.""', 'Former Paramount CEO and IAC chairperson Barry Diller delivered a grim prediction for Hollywood on Sunday, warning that the industry is facing an ""absolute collapse"" if the Writers’ and Screen Actors Guild joint strike extends into the fall.""What will happen is, if in fact, it doesn’t get settled until Christmas or so, then next year, there’s not going to be many programs for anybody to watch. So, you’re gonna see subscriptions get pulled, which is going to reduce the revenue of all these movie companies, television companies, the result of which is that there will be no programs,"" Diller said on CBS’ ""Face the Nation"" Sunday. ""And at just the time, [the] strike is settled that you want to get back up, there won’t be enough money.""The IAC chairman said he believes a settlement deadline of September 1 should be agreed upon by studios, streaming services and union leaders representing film and television actors to prevent ""devastating"" effects on the entertainment industry.But ""the endgame is to allow things to drag on until union members start losing their apartments and losing their houses,"" a studio executive told Deadline.MOVIEGOERS WEIGH IN ON DEMANDS MADE BY STRIKING ACTORS, WRITERS: ‘I’M ALL FOR IT\'The strike, now in its 12th week with no end in sight, has impacted the production of film and television series and is expected to cost the industry more than $3 billion in losses. By contrast, the previous WGA strike of ‘07-08 lasted 100 days at an estimated loss of $1.5 billion.With AI and its various implications at the epicenter of this momentous time in Hollywood, fears - and, frankly, outrage - that the landscape of Hollywood shifting beyond recognition, are resounding.\xa0And those concerns are worn on some big faces.', 'Jason Sudeikis joins members of the Writers Guild of America East and SAG-AFTRA as they walk the picket line outside NBC Rockefeller Center on July 14, 2023, in New York City. (Photo by Alexi Rosenfeld/Getty Images) (Photo by Alexi Rosenfeld/Getty Images)', '""Ted Lasso"" star Jason Sudeikis and other top movie and TV actors joined picket lines alongside screenwriters Friday on the first full day of a walkout that has become Hollywood’s biggest labor fight in decades.TOM HANKS SAYS WITH AI HE COULD APPEAR IN MOVIES AFTER DEATH; STAR’S PROJECTS THAT HAVE ALREADY USED THE TECHOther notable actors who joined picketing outside of other production companies include ""Titanic"" actor Frances Fisher, ""Lord of the Rings"" star Sean Astin and Fran Drescher, who is most known for her role in ""The Nanny"" and as SAG\'s president.\xa0Drescher delivered a fiery address at the SAG-AFTRA strike authorization press conference Thursday first announcing the actors\' strike. In her speech, she called the studios ""disgusting"" and asserted that they\'re standing ""on the wrong side of history.""', 'SAG-AFTRA President Fran Drescher, with National Executive Director & Chief Negotiator, Duncan Crabtree-Ireland (R), joins Writers Guild members at a picket line outside Netflix in Los Angeles on July 14, 2023. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Actress Justine Bateman - brother of actor Jason Bateman and WGA writer, DGA director, former SAG negotiating committee member, and UCLA graduate in computer science and digital media management, recently penned a Newsweek op-ed where she argued that AI\'s inclusion in the arts will be the destruction of the film industry.""I believe this is the last time any labor action will be effective in our business. If we don\'t make strong rules now, they simply won\'t notice if we strike in three years, because at that point, they won\'t need us. AI has to be addressed now or never,"" Bateman wrote in the article.Bateman\'s now-viral tweets on the matter point to Europe\'s AI initiatives as a beacon of hope, wherein the use of Artificial Intelligence within the EU will be regulated by their proposed AI Act. The act is regarded as the world\'s most comprehensive AI law and was first proposed in April 2021. As of June of this year, MEPs adopted Parliament\'s negotiating position and, according to the European Parliament\'s government site, the aim is to reach an agreement by the end of this year.There is, conversely, no comprehensive federal legislation dedicated solely to AI regulation in America.', 'While Arnold believes that Artificial Intelligence can be used for good, he finds Bateman\'s warning to be all-too-true.""If you think your job is safe because you do manual labor far too complex to be replaced by a robot, it’s not the need for your hands on set that will become obsolete. With the advent of AI, it’s the sets and actors themselves that become obsolete (along with all the other cast & crew on those sets…including you),"" he warned, piggybacking off Bateman\'s comments.""We now know that we\'re at worst case scenario and that both SAG and the writers have decided to strike. But I think there\'s a lot of value in at least knowing \'here\'s the game that we\'re playing now,\'"" Arnold told Fox News Digital.\xa0""Now we can take action because they know what our reality is,"" Arnold continued. ""So even though this is a scenario I wouldn\'t wish upon anybody, at least now we know the game that we\'re playing, and we know what to do next. And I firmly believe those who survive and those that rise above AI are those that work to diversify their strategies, their skills and the value that they provide to others. So that\'s the biggest conversation that we\'re having right now, is, ‘how do we do that?’""', 'To help answer that very question, Arnold has launched Optimize Yourself, an online site and community of creatives that helps people find new careers that are more balanced, sustainable and fulfilling amid the ongoing strike.CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP""We\'re looking at the rise, or the re-emergence, of the generalists, because for most of recorded history, it was the generalists that were successful,"" Arnold said, encouraging creatives to ask themselves if they\'re making the impact they set out to make, beyond the superficiality of their chosen career titles.""I think it\'s partially [a matter of] re-framing this idea that my identity is not my identity… It\'s more ‘I have this essence and this ability to provide this specific service or value to people. And I have a variety of different ways that I can do it,\'"" Arnold explained.\xa0Fox News\' Yael Halon contributed to this report.', ""Laura Carrione is an editor with Fox News Digital, spearheading editorial coverage for Fox Nation features and premieres. As part of the Media & Culture team, Laura has her hand in a variety of content - from faith and values, to TikTok trends and Hollywood - having been one of actor Leslie Jordan's final interviews before his passing. Laura can be contacted at laura.carrione@fox.com for any ideas or story tips.""]"
"['FOX News contributor Dr. Rebecca Grant tells ‘FOX News Live’ that she believes tensions in the Middle East can be contained to just Israel.', 'The Pentagon announced a new tactical nuclear bomb program on Oct. 27.\xa0 Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Ala., and Sen. John Wicker, R-Miss., welcomed the new bomb because it ""will better allow the Air Force to reach hardened and deeply-buried targets""\xa0in Europe and the Pacific.\xa0', 'This B61-13 variant is designed for heavy blast against nasty targets such as underground enemy nuclear missile sites.\xa0That’s you, China and North Korea.\xa0', 'And by the time the bomb is ready after the late 2020s, AI may have a hand in how and when it’s detonated.', 'By the time the B61-13 is ready, AI will be fully integrated into conventional weapons targeting for combat aircraft. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Keifer Bowes)', 'AI is already part of the intense modeling for nuclear weapons design. Nuclear warhead tests are banned, so AI will help the operational check-out before the new B61-13 bombs are sent to weapons storage facilities at Air Force bases.\xa0', 'NAVY FINDS PERFECT WINGMAN FOR CARRIER PILOTS – AI', 'However, the most intriguing question is: How much could AI be involved in a tactical nuclear weapons launch decision?\xa0', 'So far, the Pentagon is adamant that only humans and not AI will launch nuclear weapons. But the seeds of change are already present.\xa0', '""Artificial intelligence is extremely powerful,"" Gen. Mark Milley, retired chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told ""60 Minutes"" on Oct. 8. ""It\'s coming at us. I suspect it will be probably optimized for command and control of military operations within maybe 10 to 15 years, max.""\xa0', 'Here’s why AI might just be crucial, even for nuclear weapons.\xa0', 'First, AI is already improving targeting data quality. ""It’s a lot easier to have an AI algorithm sort through the noise, especially if you’re looking at a lot of water,"" explained Margie Palmieri, the Pentagon’s deputy chief digital and artificial intelligence officer, in an interview with Military Officer Magazine.\xa0 \xa0', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'By the time the B61-13 is ready, AI will be fully integrated into conventional weapons targeting for combat aircraft. Crews and commanders will grow accustomed to teaming with AI for rapid evaluation of targeting alternatives. They’ll find the AI decision aids work pretty well, and give U.S. forces an advantage in the heat of battle.\xa0', 'Of all the U.S. nuclear weapons, the new B61-13 is the perhaps most likely to be used in combat. If North Korea or some other foolish rogue uses a single nuclear weapon in a regional conflict, the new B61-13 launched from a bomber is designed to be the U.S. retaliation option.\xa0', 'Of course, the nuclear weapons launch authorization will come from the president, who will then delegate it to the commander in charge. However, there’s a good chance the final choice of target for the B61-13 won’t be made until the Air Force bombers are already in flight.\xa0', 'That’s when AI may play a very big role. Particularly when the mission gets dicey.', 'A column of smoke rises 20,000 feet over Hiroshima, western Japan, after the atomic bomb was released on Aug. 6, 1945. (George R. Caron/US Air Force via AP, File) ', 'Look back at what happened the last time America used a nuclear weapon. On July 24, 1945, President Harry S. Truman ordered Gen. Carl Spaatz, commander of U.S. Army Strategic Air Forces, to drop the special atomic bomb on any one of four cities in Japan anytime after Aug. 3.\xa0Hiroshima was hit on Aug. 6, 1945.', '5 WAYS AI IS LEVELING THE BATTLEFIELD', 'Then on Aug. 9 the crew of the B-29 Bockscar\xa0set out to bomb the city of Kokura, but they found the city obscured by a smoke screen from the Yawata Steel Works. The B-29 crew tried a target run over Kokura anyway, broke off, started taking enemy fire, circled again, ran low on fuel, then decided to fly the 95 miles to release the bomb on their alternate target of Nagasaki instead.\xa0', 'Now picture B-21 pilots in the 2030s, faced with a mission to employ B61-13 nuclear bombs. Turning to AI for a generative, predictive evaluation of battle conditions may be the smartest choice.\xa0', 'Years from now it’s possible that airmen will trust an unmanned plane with AI to carry a B61-13 nuclear bomb, if it’s the best way to get the mission done. (Staff Sgt. Christopher Callaway/434th Air Refueling Wing/Public Affairs\xa0)', 'Those pilots will call on every bit of AI in their cockpit to check on collateral damage effects, pull information from the battle networks, locate the latest enemy missile launcher target positions, evade enemy aircraft and missiles are pursuing them, and more.', 'Why would reliance on AI even be necessary?\xa0', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE FOX NEWS OPINION', 'The U.S. expects to be outnumbered in a future battle fought at extended ranges. Aircraft on a tactical nuclear mission will have only a fleeting chance to hit targets. Maybe the target is a mountain bunker holding enemy nuclear weapons or elusive missile batteries in tunnels.\xa0', 'If the U.S. president authorizes using a B61-13, that’s a mission that must be completed at all costs. AI will have a lot to offer in those tense moments.\xa0', 'The Air Force also wants to buy a lot of unmanned planes for its future combat fleet. Years from now it’s possible that airmen will trust an unmanned plane with AI to carry a B61-13 nuclear bomb, if it’s the best way to get the mission done.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'None of this will happen casually. The Air Force has an extensive nuclear certification and surety process. It will always take a human decision to deploy, fuze, load and get airborne with nuclear bombs. However, expect airmen to start thinking about how AI can strengthen nuclear deterrence.\xa0', 'And if we don’t, China will.', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE REBECCA GRANT', 'Rebecca Grant is President of IRIS Independent Research and a Visiting Fellow of the Lexington Institute.']"
"['Angie Wisdom and Dr. Chirag Shah discuss how artificial intelligence could play a role in online and professional relationships.', 'It might be some time before we see the futuristic concept of artificial intelligence that is depicted in science fiction novels and films come about in real life, but AI is still all around us. Most homes have some form of voice assistant gadget, such as an Alexa smart home device or Siri assistant on an iPhone. These machines have developed the ability to learn and respond in a way similar to humans’ cognitive abilities, all thanks to artificial intelligence algorithms.\xa0', 'Yes. Alexa and Siri are applications powered by artificial intelligence. They rely on natural language processing and machine learning, two subsets of AI, to improve performance over time.\xa0', 'Amazon’s Alexa is a voice-controlled system that works alongside the Echo speaker that receives the spoken request. The artificial intelligence capability within Alexa allows the user to speak the request and receive a response without ever having to touch a screen or push a button.', 'WHAT ARE THE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', 'Apple’s Siri acts similarly to Alexa, but it is a computer application primarily used in the company’s phones and tablets. Its artificial intelligence mechanism recognizes speech, processes it as data, and then responds with an answer or action. Siri can answer questions and fulfill requests, such as reading a text message out loud or playing a song on the device.', ""Amazon's Echo Dot smart speaker uses Alexa to communicate back and forth with the user. The device is powered by artificial intelligence to complete tasks and provide information once prompted. (Kurt Knutsson)"", 'Both Siri and Alexa, along with other virtual agents, are designed to communicate in a way that\'s similar to natural human conversation. In a mere moment, these machines can give an answer to inquiries, such as ""What is the weather today"" or ""How do I make chicken noodle soup?"" This is all possible because of conversational artificial intelligence.', 'Conversational AI is a type of artificial intelligence that attempts to mimic real-life human conversations. Siri, Alexa and other voice assistants are examples of conversational AI. These bots are not simply programmed with answers to questions but instead are a result of machine learning and natural language processing. They have extensive amounts of data that allow them to recognize speech and text to then translate these inputs into meaning.', 'WHAT IS THE HISTORY OF AI?', 'Natural language processing (NLP) allows a voice assistant machine, like Alexa and Siri, to understand the words spoken by the human and to replicate human speech. This process converts speech into sounds and concepts, and vice versa.', 'For Alexa, the voice of the speaker is recorded and sent to Amazon’s servers to analyze which words most closely correlate with the sounds spoken. Once the command is understood, Amazon then sends the requested information back to the device and in some cases, Alexa will speak a response.\xa0', 'For Siri, a small speech recognizer is stored directly on the device to wait for the words ""Hey Siri"" to be spoken. If there is enough confidence that the phrase spoken was ""Hey Siri,"" the device will activate. Once the command or request is given by the human speaker, Siri takes the audio, converts it into a data file and sends it back to the Apple servers. Here, the main automatic speech recognition and natural language understanding functions break down the command. This data gets sifted through algorithms to determine the inputted phrase\'s meaning. A response is then given back to the user.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FAQ', 'Artificial intelligence voice assistants include Siri, Alexa and Google Home. They continue to develop through machine learning. (iStock)', 'Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence that allows computers to learn without explicitly being trained. It is used by the device to learn about the habits and preferences of the owner of the voice assistant. Over time, these machines get better with responses and requests.', 'Alexa and Siri use machine learning to improve based on the errors they make. They use data from negative encounters, such as the speaker rejecting an answer, to train and improve for future requests. Because of machine learning, these devices continue to get smarter and more advanced. Alexa can now carry on a conversation from one request to the next, as in a follow-up question. Siri has improved its ability to recognize the ""Hey Siri"" wake up command even when there is loud background noise or music.\xa0', 'There are two different categories of AI: strong AI and weak AI. Voice assistants like Siri and Alexa are classified as weak AI. This type of AI, also referred to as narrow AI, gives the illusion of human intelligence but cannot think for itself. Strong AI, in contrast, would be an AI machine that is equal in intelligence to a human.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'A speech recognizer is stored in the iPhone device to listen for the ""Hey Siri"" voice command. (Kurt Knutsson)', 'Initially, Alexa and Siri were revolutionary companions in most households. They acted as futuristic and convenient methods of completing tasks and gathering information. Since then, the \xa0development of these machines have been minimal and users become frustrated with the lack of contextual language capabilities that they offer. With innovations in conversational AI, such as ChatGPT, voice assistants have not evolved to the degree they would need to remain competitive.=', 'Recent shifts have been made to revive these machines as both companies have openly discussed developing new models with greater natural language processing abilities. Amazon announced that their new Alexa AI model will focus on generalized intelligence, where models can transfer knowledge between tasks and languages without human input. In Amazon’s blog, they acknowledge that these developments were inspired by OpenAI. Apple has also announced the next generation of Siri with enhanced capabilities using contextual language and machine learning technology.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'It is clear that these companies remain intent on incorporating artificial intelligence into their products and services.', 'Breana Scheckwitz is an SEO Editor at Fox News Digital.']"
"[""Former Google ethicist Tristan Harris says AI risks 'undermining society' if it is developed too quickly without guardrails. "", 'Dire warnings abound as experts tell us that Artificial Intelligence is almost a reality, if it isn’t already. Leaders in the technology, such as Elon Musk have even called for a 6 month moratorium on AI research, citing existential threats.', 'But in fact, this consensus is a myth. Not everyone who studies the field is convinced that AI is at hand, or that it is even ever possible.', 'In 2020, Ragnar Fjelland, Emeritus Professor at the Centre for the Study of Sciences and the Humanities at Bergen University wrote an essay for the journal Nature, titled ""Why general artificial intelligence will not be realized."" It is long and complex, but very much worth reading as a caution not to accept the reality of AI too easily.', 'Drawing on the work of scientists and philosophers dating back to Plato, the line from Fjelland that stands out is, ""to put it simply: The overestimation of technology is closely connected with the underestimation of humans."" This means that in our rush to declare the reality of AI, what we are really doing is dumbing down the very concept of human intelligence.', ""MARK WEINSTEIN: THREE WAYS TO REGULATE AI RIGHT NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE"", 'The modern debate over AI began with mid 20th century scientist Alan Turning who devised a set of tests. Most famous was the ability for AI to fool a human being into thinking they were speaking to another human being. This has more or less been achieved, but it is a deeply insufficient test to establish that a computer is engaged in human style intelligence.', 'Can a computer today spontaneously crack a funny joke? Can it accidentally commit a Fruedian slip, recognize and reflect on it? Can it dream? The latter is a telling example of how science has put the AI cart before the horse of human intelligence. There is no consensus on what exactly a human dream is, or why they exist. How then can we possibly establish if a computer is capable of it?', 'Moreover, much of human knowledge and intelligence is tacit, not explained or devised. For example, as Fjelland points out, most humans know how to walk, but very few know how they walk. We do not teach our toddlers perambulation by showing them the math and physics of it.', 'This is knowledge gained by experience with physical phenomena, not through pure mental exercise. In large part the vastness of human intelligence is not so much contained in what we know, but in what we don’t know and yet can do anyway.', ""A significant reason why we do not hear these questions asked is that the experts we most often rely on to tell us if AI is real, or achievable, are themselves experts in AI. Of course they think it's real. They have dedicated their careers to it, their funding depends on it, which doesn’t mean they are wrong, but it does mean they are an interested party in the debate. And that others, such as philosophers and theologians have a role to play in these definitions."", ""None of this is to suggest that machine learning will not have a major and potentially dangerous impact on society. If hundreds of thousands of truckers lose their jobs to self driving vehicles it's a problem. But it's not a new problem. Technology has been displacing human work since the ancients invented the plough. And anyway, self-driving vehicles do not actually require artificial intelligence."", 'The far more important and complex questions involve creativity and intuition. The comical columns concocted from ChatGPT don’t suggest that an artificial William Faulkner or James Joyce is right around the corner, or achievable at all. Furthermore as we can see from the consistently politically biased responses to prompts that the system gives, there is clearly more than a little human influence on the end product.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER', 'This picture taken on January 23, 2023 shows screens displaying the logos of OpenAI and ChatGPT. - ChatGPT is a conversational artificial intelligence software application developed by OpenAI. (Photo by Lionel BONAVENTURE / AFP) (Photo by LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP via Getty Images)\r\n (LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP via Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Might artificial intelligence be real and dangerous? Perhaps. But there is also enormous danger in human beings holding the capacities of their own intelligence too cheap. AI is not a functioning model of the human mind, and dispossessing ourselves of that notion is key to understanding our technological age.', 'Will there, one day, be a computer that can match the marvels of Shakespeare? For his part, the Bard thinks not. ""What a piece of work is a man,"" he wrote, ""How noble in reason, how infinite in faculty, In form and moving how express and admirable, In action how like an Angel, In apprehension how like a god.""', 'Try though they may, all the Elon Musks and all of their men, cannot create a computer that can compose or meet the criteria of that description of human intelligence. Human beings are still, first and foremost the greatest storytellers of their own reality, and there is no good reason to believe that can, or will ever change.', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM DAVID MARCUS', 'David Marcus is a columnist living in West Virginia and the author of ""Charade: The COVID Lies That Crushed A Nation.""']"
"['Doctors believe artificial intelligence is now saving lives, after a major advancement in breast cancer screenings. AI is detecting early signs of the disease, in some cases years before doctors would find the cancer on a traditional scan. ', 'Artificial intelligence technologies have the potential to significantly alter the lives of human beings, especially those with disabilities. There are numerous ways that AI can and has already positively impacted the lives of the disabled, but concerns over whether companies and websites using AI remain compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) do exist.', 'The Americans with Disabilities Act is a federal civil rights law that aims to help protect the disabled by giving them fair opportunities. Many elements of life are ADA regulated, such as buildings and certain websites. In order to be ADA compliant, technology must be accessible to those with disabilities based on the guidelines in the act. Certain businesses’ web content must be accessible to those who utilize a screen reader or other assistive technology.', 'Artificial intelligence is not intrinsically ADA compliant or not, but how it is used can either help or hinder the disabled, including those with vision and hearing impairments. When used within the hiring process, apprehension over whether AI allows for equal opportunities for candidates with disabilities, based on Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act, has been scrutinized. On the other hand, AI has proven instrumental in improving the lives and independence of those with disabilities.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AI', 'Artificial intelligence is made capable of its many applications through machine learning. This process is dependent on the training data the algorithm receives. Typically, the data is based on the average individual, in which case those with disabilities are not taken into consideration.\xa0', 'Since AI developments are often designed with the average user in mind, visually and hearing-impaired individuals may be at a disadvantage with some of these technologies. For example, automatic speech recognition systems are usually designed with common speech patterns in mind and are not compatible with speech impediment patterns.\xa0', ""AI can help or hinder a disabled person's ability to access the web. Some advancements can help users with impairments better\xa0obtain the information they need. (Cyberguy.com)"", 'The main concern of AI in terms of compliance with ADA guidelines is with companies’ hiring processes. The Equal Opportunity Employment Commission (EEOC) expressed concern in its technical assistance document regarding AI tools that can screen out job applicants with disabilities. When using these AI screening tools, employers are expected to ensure compliance with the ADA.\xa0', 'More often than not, AI seems to be advantageous to the disabled rather than a hindrance. AI technology helps disabled individuals engage with their world and surroundings with greater accessibility. The use of virtual assistants helps disabled individuals live with a greater amount of independence, such as by using a smart home device to easily adjust their environment, such as turning on lights and playing music.\xa0', 'WHAT ARE THE FOUR MAIN TYPES OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE? FIND OUT HOW FUTURE AI PROGRAMS CAN CHANGE THE WORLD', 'Many inventions that we use in the world today were created to help the disabled live with fewer restrictions. One of the original typewriter designs was invented to give the inventor’s blind friend the ability to write and the original audiobooks, called ""talking books,"" were created so that the visually impaired could experience literature. The creation of new AI tools for those with disabilities may result in inventions beneficial for all.', 'A blind voter uses headphones and audio along with an electronic controller outfitted with Braille to vote in an election. Artificial intelligence technologies continue to develop to assist the blind and deaf with their lives. (AP Photo Erin Hooley)', 'Many companies are entering the AI space to develop technology for disabled communities. Microsoft’s AI for Accessibility is designed to innovate with AI and offer grants to companies to build tools with the goal of independence for the disabled. Voiceitt is a machine learning app designed to help those with speech disorders communicate with their home devices and with other individuals.\xa0', 'Many AI technologies have even been created to ensure that a website or company remains ADA compliant. These apps and widgets claim to help web content be more accessible to all visitors, even those with disabilities. Some of the guidelines that these programs help a website achieve include:', 'FLASHBACK: STEPHEN HAWKING WARNED AI COULD MEAN THE ‘END OF THE HUMAN RACE’ IN YEARS LEADING UP TO HIS DEATH', 'Additionally, this AI technology aims to keep websites up-to-date with the latest guidelines that customarily change, helping to avoid unnecessary lawsuits and providing visitors with a positive user experience.', 'Blind man at his computer workstation using braille keyboard. AI technology is bringing advancements to help the visually, verbally and hearing impaired to use computers in greater capacities. (Dieter Menne, picture alliance via Getty Images)', 'AI has made a positive impact on providing accessibility for the visually impaired by helping them interact with and easily navigate a web page or document. AI apps and tools have been designed to help blind visitors read a document by reformatting the text into an audio format and describing images on the page. AI technology can also help the visually impaired by making adjustments to elements of a page such as font, colors, and spacing.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'Similarly, AI helps individuals with speech impairments communicate with others by converting their regular speech into an output of either text or audio. The advantage is that they can utilize this technology to access services and complete searches on the internet. AI can also help with communication, such as through screen readers on electronic devices and voice control assistants such as Siri.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Advances in AI have allowed the internet to be more accessible to all demographics, even those with disabilities. AI technology is continually being explored to create accessibility in various realms, such as in the classroom and at work.', 'Breana Scheckwitz is an SEO Editor at Fox News Digital.']"
"['Doctors believe Artificial Intelligence is now saving lives after a major advancement in breast cancer screenings. In some cases, AI is detecting early signs of the disease years before doctors would find the cancer on a traditional scan. ', 'Boca Raton, FL – Some doctors believe artificial intelligence is saving lives after a major advancement in breast cancer screenings. In some cases, AI is detecting early signs of the disease years before the tumor would be visible on a traditional scan.', ""The Christine E. Lynn Women's Health and Wellness Institute at the Boca Raton Regional Hospital found a 23% increase in cancer cases since implementing AI during breast cancer screenings."", 'Dr. Kathy Schilling, the medical director at the institute, told Fox News Digital the practice has nine dedicated breast radiologists who are all fellowship trained, so the increase in early detections was surprising.', '""All we do is read breast imaging studies, and so I thought, you know, we were probably pretty good at what we were doing, but this study really comes in shows us that even the dedicated and committed breast radiologists can do better utilizing artificial intelligence,"" Schilling said.', ""CHAT GPT ANSWERED 25 BREAST CANCER SCREENING QUESTIONS , BUT 'IT'S NOT READY FOR THE REAL WORLD'-HERE'S WHY:"", 'AI-powered screenings have been able to detect smaller breast cancer cells on mammograms that may not show up on traditional scans. (iCad)', '""ProFound AI,"" created by iCad, is designed to flag problem areas on mammograms. The program studied millions of breast cancer scans and, over time, learned to circle lesions and estimate the cancer risk.', '""If you realize that 90% of the cases are benign and have no findings, you know, you just become fatigued. You get mesmerized by scrolling through the images. The AI helps us to refocus and find those little tiny cancers that we\'re looking for,"" Schilling said.', ""ProFound AI became the first technology of its kind to be FDA cleared in December 2018. The Christine E. Lynn Women's Health and Wellness Institute adopted the groundbreaking technology during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the hospital now boasts one of the earliest studies on AI's impact on cancer."", '""What I think we\'re going to be finding is that we\'re finding cancers when they\'re three to six millimeters in size, and finding the invasive lobular cancers which are very difficult for us to find, because they don\'t form masses in the breast,"" Schilling said.', 'Schilling also stated that over the past two years, the institute has offered less severe therapies to patients diagnosed with breast cancer because the cells are so small.', '""We are doing smaller lumpectomies, fewer mastectomies, less chemotherapy, less radiation therapy,"" she continued. ""I think we\'re entering into a whole new era in breast care.""', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN HEALTH CARE: NEW PRODUCT ACTS AS ‘COPILOT FOR DOCTORS':"", 'A senior woman battling cancer sits in a high back chair as she talks with her Oncologist during a Chemotherapy treatment. (iStock)', ""Schilling also believes AI's early detection capabilities may have helped save Luz Torres' life after a routine mammogram on April 1 revealed a small cancerous tumor. Torres said she had no symptoms or inclination that something could be wrong."", '""I have very dense breast tissue, so I always have a mammography and an ultrasound. The recommendation of that visit was the breast biopsy, so I had that done within a week\'s time, and then I got a phone call that the pathology was breast cancer,"" Torres said in an emotional interview. ""It was an early detection. I come every year, I\'m on track with my mammography, so it\'s very small tumor.""', 'ProFound AI is designed to flag problem areas on mammograms. (Fox News)', 'Torres was diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer in early April and recently completed surgery. Fortunately, she is expected to make a full recovery after early detection.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""It looks good. Because it was called early stage 1, I won\'t need chemotherapy so very happy about that,"" said Torres, who described the institute as ""amazing.""\xa0', '""The desire to improve the technology for the patients to find this breast cancer in patients early when it\'s treatable, and the prognosis ends up being great. I\'m fortunate enough to be one of those patients. It\'s a blessing,"" she concluded.', 'Several companies have released AI products with the ability to flag abnormalities during cancer screenings. Doctors are also using AI to detect brain cancer, lung cancer and prostate cancer.', 'Fox News Multimedia Reporter']"
"['Chris Winfield, founder of Understanding A.I., tells Fox & Friends Weekend host Will Cain about a study showing patients preferred medical answers from artificial intelligence over doctors.', ""Patients are becoming more favorable to having artificial intelligence involved in medicine, according to one study from The Journal of American Medicine, showing that nearly 80% of participants preferred a chatbot's medical responses over a conventional doctor's."", '""They liked the bedside manner of the A.I. doctor, in this case it was ChatGPT, better than the actual doctors themselves, and they actually felt more comfortable with those answers,"" said Chris Winfield, founder of Understanding A.I.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN HEALTH CARE: NEW PRODUCT ACTS AS ‘COPILOT FOR DOCTORS’', 'Doctor surgeon and neurologist use robotic and medical technology to diagnose and examine patient brain with intelligence software. AI, Innovation, (iStock)', 'Winfield, who appeared Sunday on ""Fox & Friends Weekend,"" said the blind study kept participants in the dark about who – or what – offered advice for their questions to more accurately shirk off potential biases.', ""He added that one of the implications is that people are unhappy with conventional doctors' bedside manner."", '""They\'re overworked. The main thing I hear from doctors, people in the medical community, is about being overworked, and you feel that when you\'re with a lot of doctors, unfortunately,"" he said.', 'AI AND HEART HEALTH: MACHINES DO A BETTER JOB OF READING ULTRASOUNDS THAN SONOGRAPHERS DO, SAYS STUDY', 'The logo of the chatbot ChatGPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer) from the company OpenAI can be seen on a smartphone on April 3, 2023, in Berlin, Germany.\xa0 ((Photo by Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images))', '""It [the A.I. bot] never gets mad at you… a lot of times you feel, with a doctor relationship, where it\'s kind of talking down [to you] every now and then, and you don\'t get that with a chatbot.""', ""Artificial intelligence has taken the medical field by storm in recent months, with studies observing the software as it copilots for physicians and observes early warning signs of potentially hazardous conditions, including Alzheimer's Disease, strokes and certain types of cancers."", 'As the innovative technology works its way into multiple industries, the question of its role to assist or perhaps someday replace humans in the medical profession and professions beyond it still lingers.', 'AI-POWERED MENTAL HEALTH DIAGNOSTIC TOOL COULD BE THE FIRST OF ITS KIND TO PREDICT, TREAT DEPRESSION', 'AI is assisting pathologists in determining overall tumor percentage, tumor length and categorizing areas suspicious for cancer. (Paige AI)', '""Although many of these [A.I.] tools offer the promise of advancement, their use also has the potential to perpetuate unlawful bias, automate unlawful discrimination and produce other harmful outcomes,"" a joint statement from the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Trade Commission (FTC) read, according to ""Fox & Friends Weekend"" anchor Will Cain.', ""Some allege the bots would assist patients in their relentless search for unbiased answers, but others echo the statement's concerns that warn data feeding into bots could be just as biased as the humans providing it.\xa0"", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""This is one of the things Elon Musk brought up about OpenAI,"" Winfield said. ""Is it being trained? Or what are the inputs that are going in? Are they biased? Are they molding the data sets in the wrong way?""', 'Winfield said one of the most significant driving forces behind the reluctance to accept A.I. is its novel role - not only in medicine and other areas - but in its ability to potentially replace workers.', 'Taylor Penley is an associate editor with Fox News.']"
"['FOX Business correspondent Lydia Hu has the latest on jobs at risk as AI further develops on ""America\'s Newsroom.""', 'Artificial intelligence is being used and introduced across all sectors, aiding the research of oncologists and NASA scientists.', ""Algorithms and machine-learning models, like the newly popular ChatGPT and Google's Bard, have helped students and professionals – although the technology comes with a warning as governments around the world rush to devise regulations and standards."", 'The potential of the industry and AI may appear to be boundless at this phase, with new research and tools publicly announced every week.', 'Just days after the Biden administration called for public input on proposed artificial intelligence policies, tropical cyclones are already a topic of discussion.', 'PENTAGON GOES ON AI HIRING SPREE TO BRING MACHINE LEARNING CAPABILITIES TO THE BATTLEFIELD', 'Severe and deadly weather ripped through communities in the South and Midwest and extreme flooding took southern Florida by storm on Wednesday, with nearly a foot of rain falling in just a matter of hours. Fort Lauderdale issued a state of emergency, and the forecast called for more rain on Thursday.', ""Algorithms and machine-learning models, like the newly popular ChatGPT and Google's Bard, have helped students and professionals – although the technology comes with a warning as governments around the world rush to devise regulations and standards. (Gabby Jones / Bloomberg via Getty Images / File)"", 'Meteorologists remarked on the extremity of the event.', ""One company, Weather 20/20, uses machine learning for long-range forecasting months out with a method it calls Lezak's Recurring Cycle (LRC)."", ""Founded by retired Kansas City broadcast meteorologist Gary Lezak, the approach identifies cycles in the atmosphere's behavior over time that establish recurring patterns each year. Those patterns, the company says, can be used to project forward actual weather conditions over long windows of time.\xa0"", '""We use what actually happened to predict what is going to happen,"" it says. Key influences of the LRC include El Nino/La Nina patterns, harmonics and the Arctic and North Atlantic oscillation cycle.', ""While some in the field have questioned claims from Weather 20/20 and its founder's published work, admitting it has shown some efficacy to the Daily Beast in March, Lezak has answers for skeptics and those who say the theory of order in chaos would make long-range weather prediction impossible due to the sensitivity of initial measurements and small errors present in any meteorological prediction."", 'Flooding lingers at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on Thursday, April 13, 2023, after heavy rain pounded South Florida on Wednesday. (Joe Cavaretta / South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP)', '""We just don\'t have the computing [to eliminate these errors], nor are the physical processes represented perfectly,"" David DeWitt, the director of the National Weather Service’s Climate Prediction Center, told the site.', 'FORT LAUDERDALE FLOODING FORCES AIRPORT TO CLOSE, LEAVES DRIVERS STRANDED FOR HOURS', 'In a podcast responding to the Daily Beast article – as well as in the article itself – Lezak\xa0pushed back, touting the Weather 20/20 results.\xa0', 'Ahead of the deadly weather in Mississippi last month, Lezak said the accuracy of a 65-day outlook ""predicted as good as the one-day or two-day outlook"" from the National Weather Service\'s Storm Prediction Center, naming Mississippi as the target.', '""And we didn\'t just take a stab and say, ‘Hey, right around March 20th and 25th there’s going to be one.\' It\'s based on the LRC. You can go back, scientifically analyze the weather patterns and make a prediction based on the technology that we have,"" he said.', 'Weather 20/20 has made nearly a dozen predictions for the season, and Lezak says his model is a ""paradigm shift in meteorology.""', ""A sheriff's deputy climbs onto a pile of wind-tossed vehicles to search for survivors or bodies in Rolling Fork, Mississippi, March 25, 2023. (AP Photo / Rogelio V. Solis)"", 'Lezak addressed concerns that such long-range forecasting could provide undue stress for affected areas, telling the Daily Beast there is an advantage in knowing ahead of time and in planning ahead.', 'The head of Baron Weather – which provides predictions and storm-tracking tools for government agencies and TV stations – has agreed with the success of Weather 20/20, and the two announced a partnership in February.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Weather 20/20 has a successful track record for providing long-range guidance with respect to the geographic region and timing of significant weather risks,"" Baron Weather President and CEO Bob Dreisewerd said in a statement. ""Our business clients have a need for guidance beyond the typical 7-14 day forecast period and will find the forecast insights by Weather 20/20 very valuable in terms of long-range planning, risk mitigation and decision support.""', 'Lezak said he wasn\'t surprised that scientists doubt his work, knowing that it ""makes other scientists a little nervous,"" and agreed with the sentiment at the conclusion on the piece: Only time will tell how the LRC will fare.', ""Fox News Digital's request for comment from Weather 20/20 was not immediately returned."", 'The Associated Press contributed to this report.', 'Julia Musto is a reporter for Fox News and Fox Business Digital.\xa0']"
"['WEHEAD connects to ChatGPT and displays a face, expressions and voice.', 'If you are battling a video game goblin who speaks with a Cockney accent, or asking a gruff Scottish blacksmith to forge a virtual sword, you might be hearing the voice of actor Andy Magee.', ""Except it's not quite Magee's voice. It's a synthetic voice clone generated by artificial intelligence."", 'As video game worlds get more expansive, some game studios are experimenting with AI tools to give voice to a potentially unlimited number of characters and conversations. It also saves time and money on the ""vocal scratch"" recordings game developers use as placeholders to test scenes and scripts.', 'EX-NFL STAR MARSHAWN LYNCH SETS SAIL FOR VIRTUAL HIGH SEAS, LEAVING FOOTBALL LIFE BEHIND', ""The response from professional actors has been mixed. Some fear that AI voices could replace all but the most famous human actors if big studios have their way. Others, like Magee, have been willing to give it a try if they're fairly compensated and their voices aren't misused."", '""I hadn’t really anticipated AI voices to be my break into the industry, but, alas, I was offered paid voice work, and I was grateful for any experience I could get at the time,"" said Magee, who grew up in Northern Ireland and has previously worked as a craft brewery manager, delivery driver and farmer.', 'He now specializes in voicing a diverse range of characters from the British Isles, turning what he used to consider a party trick into a rewarding career.', ""Voice actor Sarah Elmaleh is seen here in Los Angeles on Feb. 1, 2024. Some video game studios have begun to explore using artificial intelligence to replicate actors' voices. Voice actors like Elmaleh are taking a cautious approach to the developing situation. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel)"", ""AI voice clones don't have the best reputation, in part because they've been misused to create convincing deepfakes of real people — from U.S. President Joe Biden to the late Anthony Bourdain — saying things they never said. Some early attempts by independent developers to add them to video games have also been poorly received, both by gamers and actors — not all of whom consented to having their voices used in that way."", ""Most of the big studios haven't yet employed AI voices in a noticeable way and are still in ongoing negotiations on how to use them with Hollywood’s actors union, which also represents game performers. Concerns about how movie studios will use AI helped fuel last year's strikes by the Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists but when it comes to game studios, the union is showing signs that a deal is likely."", 'Sarah Elmaleh, who has played the Cube Queen in Fortnite and numerous other high-profile roles in blockbuster and indie games, said she has ""always been one of the more conservative voices"" on AI-generated voices but now considers herself more agnostic.', '""We’ve seen some uses where the (game developer\'s) interest was a shortcut that was exploitative and was not done in consultation with the actor,"" said Elmaleh, who chairs SAG-AFTRA\'s negotiating committee for interactive media.', 'But in other cases, she said, the role of an AI voice is often invisible and used to clean up a recording in the later stages of production, or to make a character sound older or younger at a different stage of their virtual life.', '""There are use cases that I would consider with the right developer, or that I simply feel that the developer should have the right to offer to an actor, and then an actor should have the right to consider that it can be done safely and fairly without exploiting them,"" Elmaleh said.', 'SAG-AFTRA has already made a deal with one AI voice company, Replica Studios, announced last month at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas. The agreement — which SAG-AFTRA President Fran Drescher described as ""a great example of AI being done right"" — enables major studios to work with unionized actors to create and license a digital replica of their voice. It sets terms that also allow performers to opt out of having their voices used in perpetuity.', '""Everyone says they’re doing it with ethics in mind,"" but most are not and some are training their AI systems with voice data pulled off the internet without the speaker\'s permission, said Replica Studios CEO Shreyas Nivas.', 'Nivas said his company licenses characters for a period of time. To clone a voice, it will schedule a recording session and ask the actor to voice a script either in their regular voice or the voice of the character they are performing.', '""They control whether they wish to go ahead with this,"" he said. ""It’s creating new revenue streams. We’re not replacing actors.""', ""It was Replica Studios that first reached out to Magee about a voice-over audio clip he had created demonstrating a Scottish accent. Working from his home studio in Vancouver, British Columbia, he's since created a number of AI replicas and pitched his own ideas for them. For each character he'll record lines with distinct emotions — some happy, some sad, some in battle duress. Each mood gets about 7,000 words, and the final audio dataset amounts to several hours covering all of a character's styles."", ""Once cloned, a paid subscriber of Replica's text-to-speech tool can make that voice say pretty much anything — within certain guidelines."", ""Magee said the experience has opened doors to a range of acting experiences that don't involve AI — including a role in the upcoming strategy game Godsworn."", ""Voice actor Zeke Alton, whose credits include more than a dozen roles in the Call of Duty military action franchise, hasn't yet agreed to lending his voice to an AI replica. But he understands why studios might want them as they try to scale up game franchises such as Baldur's Gate and Starfield where players can explore vast, open worlds and encounter elves, warlocks or aliens at every corner."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""How do you populate thousands of planets with walking, talking entities while paying every single actor for every single individual? That just becomes unreasonable at a point,"" said Alton, who also sits on the SAG-AFTRA negotiating committee for interactive media.', 'Alton is also open to AI tools that reduce some of the most physically straining work in creating game characters — the grunts, shouts and other sounds of characters in battle, as well as the movements of jumping, striking, falling and dying required in motion-capture scenes.', '""I’m one of those people that is not interested so much in banning AI,"" Alton said. ""I think there’s a way forward for the developers to get their tools and make their games better, while bringing along the performers so that we maintain the human artistry.""']"
"[""Fox News host Tucker Carlson provides insight on the consequences of the development of artificial intelligence and why he spoke to Elon Musk on 'Tucker Carlson Tonight.'"", ""Artificial intelligence is one of those topics that's just spooky and sci-fi enough to make for a compelling television segment. They love it on the morning shows."", ""But at the same time, A.I. is complex enough that it's easy to misrepresent. It sounds like something that could be revolutionary, even dangerous to humanity. But is it? If it is, what should we do about it? \xa0"", ""ELON MUSK TO DEVELOP 'TRUTHGPT' AS HE WARNS ABOUT 'CIVILIZATIONAL DESTRUCTION' FROM AI\xa0"", ""Those questions are significant enough that we wanted to find someone who could provide a definitive answer. Elon Musk seemed like the right person. Musk has been thinking about AI and worrying about it for most of his life. Nearly a decade ago, he helped found a nonprofit research project called OpenAI, and the point was in the name. If we're going to have artificial intelligence and apparently we are, it ought to be open, open to the world. That would help ensure that it's used for good and not evil. That was the idea."", 'But as the years passed and Musk found himself preoccupied building a couple of enormous companies, SpaceX and Tesla, OpenAI got away from him. \xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP\xa0', ""As of tonight, Open A.I. is no longer open. It's not a nonprofit research project dedicated to using artificial intelligence to serve humanity. It is instead a commercial enterprise backed by Microsoft and controlled to some extent by the Democratic Party.\xa0"", ""Elon Musk thinks that's a problem. In fact, he believes it's a threat to human civilization, tantamount to, maybe even more terrifying than thermonuclear weapons. The conversation you're about to see took place recently in a hotel room in Los Angeles. We think it's important enough that we're going to play the entire thing for you over the course of tonight and tomorrow. \xa0\xa0""]"
"['American aircraft carrier USS Gerald R. Ford is seen from the air anchored in Italy in the Gulf of Trieste. The USS Gerald R. Ford is the largest warship in the world. (Andrej Tarfila/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)', 'MOVE OVER, MAVERICK: OPINION: Navy finds perfect wingman for carrier pilots.\xa0Continue reading…', 'BREAST CANCER BREAKTHROUGH: AI predicts one-third of cases prior to diagnosis in mammography study.\xa0Continue reading…', 'AI hallucinations are the category of content that may be inaccurate, nonsensical or even harmful due to AI models drawing information from outdated or incorrect data sets. (Getty Images)', 'GOOD DATA: OPINION: Your business can tame AI hallucinations with this approach.\xa0Continue reading…\xa0', 'BAD ROBOT: Study finds AI chatbots churn out racial medical stereotypes.\xa0Continue reading…', 'Palestinian Hamas terrorists are seen during a military show in the Bani Suheila district on July 20, 2017 in Gaza City, Gaza.(Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images) (Getty)', 'NEW FRONTIER: Artificial intelligence and deep fakes a new reality in war fighting.\xa0Continue reading…', ""'CAUGHT OFF GUARD': Apple reportedly spending big on AI to catch up.\xa0Continue reading…\xa0"", 'PROBING FOR WEAKNESS:\xa0China aiming to take edge in AI.\xa0Continue reading…', 'BETTING BOOST: Sports wagering to get AI-powered personalization.\xa0Continue reading…', 'DARK WEB: OPINION: The shadowy underbelly of AI.\xa0Continue reading…', 'COMING RIGHT UP: AI set to transform the restaurant industry.\xa0Continue reading…', 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'Kurt ""CyberGuy"" Knutsson is an award-winning tech journalist who has a deep love of technology, gear and gadgets that make life better with his contributions for Fox News & FOX Business beginning mornings on ""FOX & Friends."" Got a tech question? Get Kurt’s CyberGuy Newsletter, share your voice, a story idea or comment at CyberGuy.com.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'The potential threat posed by the rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI) means safeguards need to be built in to systems from the start rather than tacked on later, a top U.S. official said on Monday.', '""We\'ve normalized a world where technology products come off the line full of vulnerabilities and then consumers are expected to patch those vulnerabilities. We can\'t live in that world with AI,"" said Jen Easterly, director of the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.', '""It is too powerful, it is moving too fast,"" she said in a telephone interview after holding talks in Ottawa with Sami Khoury, head of Canada\'s Centre for Cyber Security.', ""NSA ANNOUNCES NEW ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE SECURITY CENTER: 'DESPERATELY NEEDED'"", 'Agencies from 18 countries, including the United States, have endorsed new guidelines on AI cybersecurity. These guidelines focus on ensuring secure design, development, deployment and maintenance of AI systems, addressing security considerations throughout the entire lifecycle of AI capabilities.\xa0 (JOSEP LAGO/AFP via Getty Images)', 'WHITE HOUSE UNVEILS AI EXECUTIVE ORDER, REQUIRING COMPANIES TO SHARE NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS WITH FEDS', 'Easterly spoke the same day that agencies from 18 countries, including the United States, endorsed new British-developed guidelines on AI cyber security that focus on secure design, development, deployment and maintenance.', '""We have to look at security throughout the lifecycle of that AI capability,"" Khoury said.', 'Earlier this month, leading AI developers agreed to work with governments to test new frontier models before they are released to help manage the risks of the rapidly developing technology.', '""I think we have done as much as we possibly could do at this point in time, to help come together with nations around the world, with technology companies, to set out from a technical perspective how to build these capabilities as securely and safely as possible,"" said Easterly.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'The rise of the chatbot ChatGPT, with its ability to generate informed, sophisticated text, is leading lawmakers to push for government intervention in the realm of artificial intelligence.', 'Democrats and Republicans alike are growing increasingly concerned over the development of new AI technologies, and how they could impact society if there are no rules in place.', '""Obviously, I think it\'s something we need to pay close attention to,"" Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., told Fox News when asked about how Congress might approach AI.', 'Others have used ChatGPT itself to illustrate their point that Congress needs to act, and soon. Rep. Ted Lieu, D-Calif., wrote in a New York Times op-ed on the subject earlier this week, and even used ChatGPT to write the first paragraph by entering the prompt: ""Write an attention grabbing first paragraph of an op-ed on why artificial intelligence should be regulated.""', 'AL GORE EXPLAINS GLOBAL AI PROGRAM THAT IS SPYING ON THOUSANDS OF FACILITIES TO MONITOR EMISSIONS', 'A ChatGPT prompt is shown on a device near a public school in Brooklyn, New York, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. New York City school officials started blocking this week the impressive but controversial writing tool that can generate paragraphs of human-like text.\xa0 ((AP Photo/Peter Morgan))', 'Lieu noted in the piece that, having a degree in computer science, he is ""enthralled"" and ""excited"" by artificial intelligence, but cautioned that ""as a member of Congress, I am freaked out by AI, specifically AI that is left unchecked and unregulated.""', 'Lieu is pushing for the establishment of a federal agency to regulate AI, so that experts can propose rules, although he recognized that it would be a difficult undertaking.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CHATBOT PASSES ELITE BUSINESS SCHOOL EXAM, OUTPERFORMS SOME IVY LEAGUE STUDENTS', 'Rep. Jake Auchincloss, D-Mass., is believed by his staff to be the first member of Congress to deliver remarks on the House floor that were written by artificial intelligence. Auchincloss spoke briefly about a bill that would establish a U.S.-Israel artificial intelligence center.', 'Auchincloss warned against lawmakers falling too far behind AI technology, comparing the situation to social media, which developed so fast Congress could not keep up.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'For that reason, he said, Congress should act sooner rather than later to craft laws.', 'The Associated Press contributed to this report.', 'Ronn Blitzer is an editor for Fox News Digital covering politics and breaking news.\xa0']"
"['Artificial Intelligence poses both risks and rewards, and developers should be wary of ""scary"" outcomes, AI technologist says.', 'Artificial Intelligence will never be able to truly understand the feeling of some human emotions, a humane technologist told Fox News.', '""The more integrated AI gets into our lives, the more we will see a difference between human and computer,"" Alexa Eden, a humane technologist at AlgoAI Tech, told Fox News. ""And one of these impenetrable\xa0differences will be human emotions, as well as empathy, intuition and other intelligences\xa0only humans have.', '""Empathy is not anything that AI will ever be able to really, truly understand. If you were to get into a shared Uber with a couple that was just fighting and it was silent in the car, you would feel that there was tension.', '""Many of these emotional and energetic experiences are not something that can be translated to words or code.""\xa0', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', 'AI has successfully scanned ultrasounds, been utilized by U.S. military forces and completed law school exams in recent months as the technology has seen widespread adoption.\xa0', 'However, some technology titans such as Tesla Founder Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak have advocated for slowing AI developments, saying rapid expansion could threaten the industry.', 'Representatives from OpenAI, Microsoft, Google, Apple and more are meeting to discuss how to develop AI responsibly this week.\xa0', 'Artificial intelligence capabilities are being tested throughout the U.S. military, officials have said. \xa0\xa0 (U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Aron Montano)', '""So if we are not slowing down at the beginning and making the right choices about how to utilize it and how to best serve humanity with it, it will be beyond our capacity to rein it back in,"" Eden told Fox News. ""When you have humans at stake and you have the future of humanity at stake, it requires a deeper consideration of where we\'re going.""', 'Some in the AI industry, including Eden, have said that machine learning could pose a threat to humanity.\xa0', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ‘GODFATHER’ ON AI POSSIBLY WIPING OUT HUMANITY: ‘IT’S NOT INCONCEIVABLE'"", '""What\'s so awesome about artificial intelligence is the amount of data it can process in a quick way, but that\'s also scary,"" she added. ""So what we\'ve been used to in the past is maybe running full speed ahead at new innovations, but AI does that automatically on its own.""\xa0', 'ChatGPT is a form of generative AI.\xa0 (Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images)', 'Generative AI, like ChatGPT and DALL-E, which create new information like text responses or pictures based on user inputs, also pose new challenges for the tech industry, Eden told Fox News.\xa0', '""On a political level, on a mental health level, on a social level, on a financial level, there are implications to big tech and big data, and we\'ve learned the hard way over the last decade,"" she said.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'AI should always be focused on developing humans and forwarding humanity, Eden told Fox News.', '""ChatGPT, for example, is a generative AI, and it\'s generating new information based on certain inputs,"" Eden told Fox News. ""But we also have to double down and invest in human intelligence.""', 'To watch the full interview with Eden, click here.\xa0']"
"[""'Cut to the Chase' podcast host Laura Curran, Fox News contributor Joe Concha and political analyst Gianno Caldwell discuss Biden's 2024 efforts after a poll showed 28% of Democratic primary voters prefer other candidates."", 'President Biden assigned himself a light schedule this week with no public events from Tuesday through Thursday, and let Vice President Kamala Harris take the lead on a meeting with companies on artificial intelligence.', 'The only listed activity from Biden today was a private briefing with Harris, who will then meet with tech executives on AI and then depart to Richmond, Virginia, for an event on small businesses. The president is not listed as an attendee for either event.', 'REPUBLICANS ISSUE SUBPOENA FOR FBI DOCUMENT DETAILING BIDEN BRIBERY', 'President Biden has no scheduled events Thursday as he tapped Vice President Kamala Harris to lead a meeting on artificial intelligence. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)', ""Also today, first lady Jill Biden will fly to the United Kingdom for King Charles III's coronation — an invitation the president declined to attend."", 'Biden spoke at an event Monday on Small Business Week then had a meeting with the president of the Philippines. He spent Saturday at festivities for the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner.', 'The lightened work load for Biden, 80, comes one week after he announced his bid for re-election.', ""TRUMP BASHES ‘VERY DISRESPECTFUL’ BIDEN AFTER PRESIDENT REJECTS UK'S INVITATION TO CHARLES III CORONATION"", 'Vice President Kamala Harris on Thursday will meet with tech executives on the issue of artificial intelligence, then depart to Richmond, Virginia, for an event on small business. (Mario Tama)', 'No White House immigration events were scheduled this week as Title 42 is set to expire next week. The Biden administration will reportedly send 1,500 US troops to the Mexico border in response.', ""White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre on Wednesday responded to a question about Biden's lightened schedule."", '""He’s been meeting with — having internal meetings in the Oval Office,"" Jean-Pierre said. ""I had a meeting with him earlier today with… senior advisors, senior staff, talking about the issues that matter to the American people.""', ""CLIMATE GROUPS, YOUNG VOTERS ANGRY OVER BIDEN'S SUPPORT FOR FOSSIL FUEL INDUSTRY: 'HE SOLD US OUT'"", 'The lightened work load for President Biden comes one week after he announced his bid for re-election at 80-years-old. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)', 'The White House did not respond to questions on why Biden deferred to Harris on the artificial intelligence event Thursday.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Harris will be joined Thursday by senior White House officials in her meeting with tech executives at Microsoft, Google and OpenAI. The officials, CNBC reported, include Biden Chief of Staff Jeff Zients, National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo and Director of Science and Technology Policy Arati Prabhakar.', 'Patrick Hauf is a politics writer for Fox News Digital.']"
"[""FOX Business correspondent Lydia Hu has the latest on jobs at risk as AI further develops on 'America's Newsroom.'"", ""Artificial intelligence has recently become a hot topic around the world as tech companies like Alibaba, Microsoft, and Google have released conversational chatbots that the everyday person can use. While we're already using AI in our daily lives, often unknowingly, these forms of computer science are very interesting to a large population."", 'Some are hoping to simply learn to properly use the chatbots to make extra money on the side, experiment with robot interactions, or simply catch sight of what the fuss is all about. Others, however, are hoping to inspire change and become part of the history by physically advancing AI technology alongside tech tycoons.', 'No matter the contribution or footprint you plan to have on such a controversial and competitive industry, there is plenty of education for you to find.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FAQ', 'Artificial Intelligence is the leading innovation in technology today. (iStock)', 'Provided you are seeking a comprehensive understanding of AI and the ability to contribute to the industry, there are countless opportunities to absorb a mastery of data science, machine learning, engineering and computer skills, and more.', 'A Bachelor’s Degree in Science is a four-year undergraduate program and a Master’s Degree in Artificial Intelligence, while it can vary from person to person, is typically a two-year program.', 'If you’re simply hoping to better grasp how to use natural language processing tools like ChatGPT or Bard, or AI image programs like Midjourney, there are a myriad of books, online courses, blogs, forums, video tutorials, and more which educate users.', 'Follow the social media platforms, websites, and email newsletters of artificial intelligence experts and tech titans like Elon Musk, Bill Gates, or Andy Jassy, published content from AI giants like Microsoft, or general intelligence companies like OpenAI, Deepmind, and Google Brain.', 'Elon Musk is the multi-billionaire technology entrepreneur and investor, founder and chief executive of SpaceX and Tesla Inc., and a co-founder of Neuralink and Open AI. ', 'Here are a few resources to get you started on understanding the basics of AI, using sophisticated artificial intelligence chatbots, the advancements and dangers of AI, its history, and more.', 'If you’re looking to become a contributor to the advancements in AI or develop a greater understanding of computer science, machine learning and more, consider a Bachelor of Science degree.', 'A Bachelor of Science with a concentration in Data and Computational Science is a degree ""based on the combination of real-world computer science skills, data acquisition and analysis, scientific modeling, applied mathematics, and simulation,"" according to George Mason University’s site.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'A number of universities offer a BS in Data and Computational Science. You can also seek a degree in related subjects including information technology, computer engineering, statistics, or data science. Those with a computer science, mathematics or programming background will have the fundamentals to get started with a degree to become an AI professional.', 'There are a multitudinous array of variations of Master’s Degrees in Artificial Intelligence around the U.S. and Canada. A few of them include the Artificial Intelligence Master’s Program Online at Johns Hopkins University, the Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence at Northwestern University, and the Master’s in Artificial Intelligence at The University of Texas at Austin.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""Gabriele Regalbuto is an SEO editor at Fox News Digital. Gabriele has a Journalism and Communications degree from West Virginia University. She has worked to produce content for newspapers, magazines, and digital platforms. At Fox, she has assisted in coverage of breaking news events including the 2024 presidential cycle, 2022 midterm elections, Queen Elizabeth II's death, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.""]"
"[""Americans shared whether or not they believe the government should regulate Artificial Intelligence amid the technology's rapid, and ongoing, advancement."", 'AUSTIN, Texas – The majority of Americans who spoke with Fox News said the government should stay out of regulating artificial intelligence technologies.', '""Keep the government out of regulating things,"" a Fort Worth resident told Fox News. ""They regulate too many things already.""', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', 'Brian similarly opposed state regulation of the technology.', '""I think it would be a big overreach,"" he told Fox News.\xa0', ""Despite AI's rapid advancement in recent years, no federal legislation focused on protecting individuals from the technology's potential harms appeared imminent as of March 22, according to a Brookings Institution report. A handful of federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, are regulating some forms of corporate AI use through laws already in place, the New York Times reported March 3."", 'A majority of Americans who spoke with Fox News said the government should demonstrate a hands-off approach when it comes to AI regulation. (VCG/VCG via Getty Images)', 'EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: WHAT IS IT USED FOR?', ""Zachary said the government shouldn't regulate AI unless it endangers privacy rights."", '""I don\'t think that the government should interfere with where technology is headed, where AI is headed, until it starts interfering with our privacy,"" he told Fox News.', 'Rep. Don Beyer, a Virginia Democrat, failed to get a bill passed last year that would\'ve required AI algorithm audits. He told the New York Times AI regulation is ""not a priority and doesn’t feel urgent for [congressional] members.""', ""AI EXPERT IN CONGRESS WARNS AGAINST RUSH TO REGULATION: ‘WE’RE NOT THERE YET'"", 'Joshua, an Austin bartender, said the state should collaborate with the private sector to jointly regulate AI.', '""I think a little bit of government involvement, along with … the private sector, would be nice,"" he told Fox News.\xa0', 'Rep. Don Beyer, D-Va., failed to raise enough support last year to pass a bill requiring audits of AI algorithms. (Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images)', ""Leigh, who supported the state's involvement in regulating AI, said its potential to affect much of human life means it may inevitably impact current laws and regulations."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""When you talk about whether or not the government is playing a role, really we\'re looking at laws and regulations,"" the lawyer told Fox News. ""AI is going to be something that\'s going to cover a lot of different areas of law, including copyright, trademark … estate planning.""\xa0', '""So, for instance, if you have photographs of people, and then you want to use AI to create a real person or a real video, you could have some copyright infringement or some personal Privacy Act problems with that,"" Leigh said.', 'To hear more Americans weigh in on government regulation of AI, click here.']"
"['People in Texas sounded off on AI job displacement, with half of people who spoke to Fox News convinced that the tech will rob them of work.', 'Artificial\xa0Intelligence\xa0(AI) contributed 4.9% of layoffs in May, as noted in a recent job report\xa0analysis. This is particularly notable, as the report hasn’t previously discussed AI as a reason for job cuts. Companies, like IBM, are adapting to this trend,\xa0halting hiring\xa0for positions they foresee being automated.\xa0', 'Although the growth of AI might appear unsettling, considering that many rely on their jobs for economic stability, it does not necessarily spell disaster for the workforce. In fact, it holds the potential for significant benefits.\xa0', 'Despite many recent concerns, AI – and technology in general – are positive transformative forces.\xa0Over time, technology has dramatically increased humans’ standard of living.\xa0It has taken us to the moon and the depths of the oceans.\xa0It has found ways to detect and cure diseases, significantly increasing humans’ lifespan.\xa0\xa0', 'AI, similarly, has\xa0driven the discovery of drugs\xa0for treating otherwise lethal ailments, can create\xa0individualized learning plans\xa0for students, and even\xa0plan humanity’s future journeys\xa0into outer space.\xa0', 'AI WILL NOT REPLACE HUMAN ARTISTS, COULD LEAD TO ‘MOST IMAGINATIVE’WORK EVER PRODUCED: TOPAZ LABS CEO', 'AI technologies can improve humans’ lives by performing repetitive tasks like routine customer service, data entry, and manufacturing. The future promise of AI systems – like ChatGPT – enables organizations to automate their day-to-day operations, allowing people to focus on tasks that require or benefit from creativity and human ingenuity.\xa0\xa0\xa0', 'This isn’t to say that AI technologies won’t cause short-term disruption to labor markets.\xa0Individuals currently working in jobs that can be readily replaced by lower-cost AI technologies may need to retrain and pursue work in other areas.\xa0This isn’t at all unusual during times of technological advancement.\xa0\xa0', 'Unemployment triggered by job loss could temporarily decrease individuals’ spending, increase social services costs and possibly even cause protests. Furthermore, income inequality can worsen, particularly for lower-income households unable to bounce back financially and individuals with less adaptable skills. Displaced workers who have limited education and financial resources to draw upon may struggle to adapt to advanced technologies.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD REPLACE UP TO 80% OF HUMAN JOBS, EXPERT SAYS', 'Given this, both private and public sector response is necessary.\xa0Companies benefit from investing in retraining their workers for positions in other areas, thereby retaining loyal employees and corporate knowledge and enhancing morale.\xa0', 'Government programs can aid those who need to transition between employers or industries.\xa0Educational offerings can help workers learn to use AI tools effectively and allow them to – in some cases – even become the drivers of this change.', ""Incentives like tax breaks and subsidized tuition also help incentivize companies to invest in their workers, while grants, loans and other financial assistance can help those without the means to retrain. Additionally, expanding or introducing job-guarantee programs can ensure that those displaced by automation don't bear the brunt of the transition alone.\xa0"", 'Used effectively, AI can help push the boundaries of human capability and help construct a world in which human creativity and ingenuity synergize with AI systems’ technical capabilities. Public acceptance of AI is key to achieving these benefits.\xa0Fearmongering – over job loss and other concerns – and reactive overregulation risk stifling these benefits.\xa0\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER', 'Education prepares the public to use and benefit from the technology and reduces both legitimate employment and theoretical concerns.\xa0AI technology developers and government agencies alike are well advised to devote resources to public AI education, which is poised to provide significant returns to both.\xa0\xa0', 'By investing in people and by taking steps to transition responsibly, governments can ensure that AI-driven automation leads to a better future for everyone – not just a few. With the proper policies in place, technology will drive progress and create new opportunities for all.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Jeremy Straub is an associate professor in the North Dakota State University Computer Science Department, a Challey Institute faculty fellow, and the director of the NDSU Institute for Cyber Security Education and Research.\xa0 The authors’ opinions are their own.', 'Dominic Rosch-Grace is a graduate student in the Department of Computer Science at North Dakota State University whose research is funded by the Challey Institute for Innovation and Growth.\xa0']"
"['\xa0Laura Ingraham rips into the Democrats push for ‘equity’ and what they actually mean by the term on ‘The Ingraham Angle.’', 'President Biden signed an executive order on Thursday that critics warn will allow for the creation of woke artificial intelligence (AI) that ""promotes racial division and discrimination.""', 'The order directs all federal agencies to establish a yearly ""equity action plan"" aimed at helping ""underserved communities.""\xa0', 'In one section under ""Embedding Equity into Government-wide Processes,"" the Director of the Office of Management and Budget is instructed ""to support equitable decision-making, promote equitable deployment of financial and technical assistance, and assist agencies in advancing equity, as appropriate and wherever possible.""', 'The section gives further instructions regarding AI, ""When designing, developing, acquiring, and using artificial intelligence and automated systems in the Federal Government, agencies shall do so, consistent with applicable law, in a manner that advances equity.""', 'President Biden signed the executive order ""Further Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government,"" Feb. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, Pool)', ""BING'S AI BOT TELLS REPORTER IT WANTS TO 'BE ALIVE', 'STEAL NUCLEAR CODES' AND CREATE 'DEADLY VIRUS'"", 'Political influencers and tech experts on Twitter all condemned such an initiative as a moral hazard.', 'Christopher Rufo, the journalist who helped draw public attention to ""critical race theory,"" warned, ""Biden\'s new executive order creating a national DEI bureaucracy has a special mandate for woke AI. The order instructs the federal government to ‘[protect] the public from algorithmic discrimination’ and to deploy AI systems ‘in a manner that advances equity.’""', 'Manhattan Institute fellow Colin Wright claimed that such a technology could be fatal for our society.', '""Biden is not a moderate. This is a legal sprint to inject as much radical ideology as broadly and as deeply as possible in our government. This cannot be allowed,"" he wrote. ""If Republicans take office, they must fully root out all of this ideological and social cancer.""', '""The worst possible scenario imaginable for our future. Our children and their children will be suffering the consequences of this mandate,"" software developer Jon Schlinkert tweeted. ""AI is about to change the world in unprecedented ways, the last thing we need is an AI that promotes racial division and discrimination.""', '""Nothing to see here-- just a new Biden executive order that threatens any social media or artificial intelligence company that isn\'t completely woke,"" senior fellow of the Claremont Institute Jeremy Carl wrote.', 'Christopher F. Rufo\xa0is a senior fellow at the\xa0Manhattan Institute. (Fox News)', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE EXPERTS ADDRESS BIAS IN CHATGPT: 'VERY HARD TO PREVENT BIAS FROM HAPPENING'"", 'Commentator Trent England tweeted a comparison to the uprising of killer robots in the Terminator movie series, ""Biden Administration working on T-1000 woke edition.""', '""Biden\'s latest trick: algorithm discrimination. My question is what is the penalty to the algorithm?,"" former journalism professor Jeff Cunningham asked.', 'The rise of advanced artificial intelligence has been a controversial topic among tech commentators and ethicists, especially when it comes to programmed biases. (REUTERS/Mike Blake)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Conservative author Michael Sebastian tweeted, ""Reports of the death of wokeness are greatly exaggerated.""', 'Alexander Hall is an associate editor for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to Alexander.hall@fox.com.']"
"['Vice President Kamala Harris on Wednesday explained artificial intelligence as she convened a roundtable with labor and civil rights leaders to talk about the technology.', '""AI Czar"" and Vice President Kamala Harris was ridiculed on social media for her ""stunning"" description of artificial intelligence on Wednesday.', 'In the latest example of Harris’ ""word salad"" moments, the vice president spoke at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C., and gave what people saw as a condescending and long-winded description of AI.', '""I think the first part of this issue that should be articulated is AI is kind of a fancy thing,"" Harris said. ""First of all, it\'s two letters. It means artificial intelligence, but ultimately what it is, is it\'s about machine learning.""', 'She added, ""And so, the machine is taught — and part of the issue here is what information is going into the machine that will then determine — and we can predict then, if we think about what information is going in, what then will be produced in terms of decisions and opinions that may be made through that process.""', 'Vice President Kamala Harris speaks during a meeting with civil rights leaders and consumer protection experts to discuss the societal impact of artificial intelligence, in the Eisenhower Executive Office building in Washington, DC, on July 12, 2023. (\xa0MANDEL NGAN/AFP via Getty Images)', 'VICE PRESIDENT KAMALA HARRIS ATTEMPTS TO EXPLAIN AI IN LATEST WORD SALAD GAFFE: ‘KIND OF A FANCY THING’\xa0', '""So to reduce it down to its most simple point, this is part of the issue that we have here is thinking about what is going into a decision, and then whether that decision is actually legitimate and reflective of the needs and the life experiences of all the people,"" Kamala concluded.', '""Kamala Harris talks to Americans like we are all in kindergarten. Here she explains AI,"" Outkick founder Clay Travis tweeted.', '""STUNNING INSIGHTS from Kamala Harris,"" conservative commentator Steve Guest tweeted.', '""A heartbeat away,"" Fox News contributor Miranda Devine wrote.', 'Daily Caller editor Vince Coglianese joked, ""There needs to be a whole website of Kamala Harris explaining things. Wikamalapedia.', 'RNC Rapid Response director Jake Schneider responded, ""it\'s gotta be a bit at this point... right?""', '""America’s Chief Diversity Hire attempting to explain A.I.,"" reporter Drew Hernandez remarked.', '""She’s doing it again,"" right-wing columnist Rita Panahi tweeted.', 'National Mouth editor Tim Young wrote, ""Kamala Harris sounds like she had a report due on AI, but absolutely didn\'t read the book. It\'s absolutely impossible to believe that this person made it through law school, was able to pass the bar and was the AG of a state.""', 'Vice President Kamala Harris at Howard University on Tuesday, April 25, 2023, in Washington. (AP Photo/Nathan Howard)', 'KAMALA HARRIS RIDICULED FOR ‘NONSENSE’ COMMENTS AT TRANSPORTATION ROUNDTABLE: ‘SHE CAN’T BE SERIOUS’\xa0', 'Harris has made multiple comments that Twitter users have ridiculed as ""nonsense"" or rambling since she took office. Some of these examples occurred within the last few weeks.', 'During a roundtable on transportation accessibility on Tuesday, Harris said, ""This issue of transportation is fundamentally about just making sure that people have the ability to get where they need to go! It\'s that basic.""\xa0', 'A week earlier, Harris was scorched for a rambling comment on culture.', '""Culture is — it is a reflection of our moment and our time. Right? And present culture is the way we express how we\'re feeling about the moment and we should always find times to express how we feel about the moment. That is a reflection of joy. Because, you know…it comes in the morning,"" Harris said.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'She added, ""We have to find ways to also express the way we feel about the moment in terms of just having language and a connection to how people are experiencing life. And I think about it in that way, too.""', 'Lindsay Kornick is an associate editor for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to lindsay.kornick@fox.com and on Twitter: @lmkornick.']"
"['Experts discuss how artificial intelligence is being used to protect venues by screening for items such as bombs, guns, and knives.', 'Artificial intelligence, or AI, is being used to help secure sites from sports arenas to churches and schools. The technology is being used to scan for weapons, including guns, knives and explosives as people walk between standing panels. If a weapon is spotted, security standing by is alerted.\xa0', 'Massachusetts based Evolv has used the technology to scan roughly 300 million people across the country since the system went live in 2019, second only to the TSA.\xa0', '""Think about walking directly right into a venue, into a school, into a building without breaking stride,"" said Peter George,\xa0the CEO OF Evolv, touting the technology as far less obtrusive than traditional metal detectors. ""And if you don\'t have a weapon on you, you get to walk right in. And if you do, we can identify that.""', 'Passengers make their way to the security checkpoint at the John F. Kennedy airport in New York City. (Reuters File Photo)', ""Evolv's technology is being used at major sports stadiums, urban hospitals, schools, courts and big casinos, among other venues.\xa0"", 'CALIFORNIA SECURITY SURVEILLANCE COMPANY CURBS CRIME THROUGH AI, REAL-TIME HUMAN INTERVENTION, CEO SAYS', '""It\'s a free flow touchless weapons screening system,"" explains Steve Morandi, Evolv\'s Vice President of Product Management.\xa0""It really works with a combination of A.I., advanced sensors and cameras in a really integrated way. And we\'re basically detecting weapons versus everyday metal objects that we all carry.""', 'Bay State based Liberty Defense has combined AI technology with 3D imaging capable of hunting for non-metallic threats, like powders, pipe bombs or ghost guns made from plastic.', 'Passengers queue up to pass through the north security checkpoint Monday, Jan. 3, 2022, in the main terminal of Denver International Airport in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)\xa0)', '""We\'re\xa0looking for any type of anomaly, any type of threat that might be concealed,"" explains Bill Frain, CEO of Liberty Defense.\xa0""So, whether that\'s a gun or a knife or plastic explosive that could do damage or maybe even drugs or liquids.""', 'The new HEXWAVE system will be tested this summer at a Hindu temple near Atlanta, the University of Wisconsin and the Toronto Pearson International Airport.', 'The proliferation of\xa0AI technology in security has alarmed critics.', 'VANDERBILT RESEARCHERS USING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO HELP BASKETBALL PLAYERS IMPROVE THEIR SHOTS', 'Security check (iStock)', '""What we don\'t want to see is America turned into a check point society where we\'re searched every time we go to any public gathering to a church or other, a place of worship or a little league game or what have you,""\xa0says Jay Stanley, a senior policy analyst with the\xa0ACLU Speech, Privacy, and Technology Project.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Regarding privacy concerns, Frain notes, ""We don\'t save any of the data. No images are stored.""\xa0', 'George says, ""We use our artificial intelligence to discriminate between a phone and the firearm, but we\'re actually not looking at the people at all. We\'re only looking for weapons.""', 'Molly Line joined Fox News Channel (FNC) as a Boston-based correspondent in January 2006. She serves as a rotating host on FNC’s FOX News Live.']"
"['Veritone CEO Ryan Steelberg says the Writers Guild of America needs to make sure their writers are protected as AI becomes more popular.', ""Nearly two weeks into the national writers' strike spearheaded by the Writers Guild of America (WGA), little progress has been made between both sides."", 'The WGA has a litany of requests for the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP). Per its website, the WGA has specific proposals with regard to artificial intelligence, including the ""regulation of AI on minimum basic agreement (MBA) -covered projects; AI can’t write or rewrite literary material; can’t be used as source material; and MBA-covered material can’t be used to train AI.""', 'When it comes to these provisions that surround artificial intelligence, studios have put the kibosh on writers\' requests, instead suggesting annual meetings to review evolving technology. Another area of concern for writers: their job becoming obsolete, supplemented or completely replaced with the large language models used to write entire scripts. While AI has been used in television and film before – notably in the upcoming ""Indiana Jones"" film to de-age star Harrison Ford to make him appear decades younger – AI for scriptwriting is new.', 'Ryan Steelberg, the co-founder and CEO of artifical intelligence tech company Veritone, intertwined in both intelligence and entertainment, admits there is room for improvement on both sides.', ""Ryan Steelberg of AI company Veritone discusses how ChatGPT can be utilized to write scripts amid the writers' strike. (Jakub Porzycki / NurPhoto / File)"", ""AI HAS KEANU REEVES, HARRISON FORD, ELON MUSK'S EX-GIRLFRIEND GRIMES AT ODDS OVER ITS USE"", '""Frankly, the quality and advancements in the technology – groups and writers, I\'d say people in the creative arts, they should be concerned,"" he told Fox News Digital of AI infiltrating the entertainment industry. ""I want to qualify what concern means. I think they need to be open and make sure they\'re fully educated, as much as everybody else, on really the capabilities of these new tools,"" he added.', '""A lot of the arguments that writers have and other creative institutions have, is saying, wait a minute, just because you\'re using ChatGPT or GPT model, and you\'re asking it to, let\'s say, write a narrative around a certain topic, that potentially is infringing on the IP … from some other very talented screenwriter.""', 'Steelberg said he understands the WGA\'s reasoning for wanting to ""make sure that their talent is protected,"" but he also acknowledged that they have been privy to these advancements.', '""In my discussions, though, you know, these people are smart. You know, a lot of very brilliant people are in the Writers Guild that the teams at the Screen Actors Guild and the Writers Guild, they\'re investing a ton of time into educating themselves about these new technologies. This is not an ignorant group that\'s sitting back, right, that\'s saying, ‘Oh, we wish the old days were just still here.\'""', '""But what I\'m hearing is, yes … they want guardrails, and they want due credit and attribution about, you know, what is coming out of these large language model opportunities. But to be very clear, they know what\'s coming, right? They know that this is going to be a powerful tool that people who really embrace it are going to find a unique competitive advantage against those who frankly just take the binary position of resisting it,"" he said.', 'Screenwriter and director Paul Schrader says writers are more concerned with money than AI. (Daniele Venturelli / WireImage / File)', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER', 'The famed screenwriter of ""Taxi Driver"" and director of ""American Gigolo,"" Paul Schrader, surmises that the problem for writers lies less in fear of artificial intelligence but more with compensation.', '""The WGA position on AI is a fascinating conundrum,"" Schrader wrote on his Facebook. ""The guild doesn’t fear AI as much as it fears not getting paid. Burrow into the logic. It’s apparent that AI will become a force in film entertainment.""', '""This, I think, is the WGA position: If a WGA member employs AI, he/she should be paid as a writer. If a producer uses AI to create a script, they must find a WGA writer to pay,"" he continued.', 'In an op-ed piece for The Guardian, writer and member of the guild negotiating committee James Schamus wrote about the growing concerns he and his colleagues have surrounding AI.', 'James Schamus, an American screenwriter, is speaking out about why he and fellow writers take issue with AI. (Dominik Bindl / File)', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AI', '""The fact is that AI is here, and it’s going to transform our lives and work in unimaginable ways. I, like many of my fellow writers, am both nervous and excited about the prospect of how AI as a tool will be used in our storytelling, and I don’t think of it as a kind of binary on/off switch that will simply shut off our jobs and replace us.""', '""But that just makes the conglomerates’ position even more insidious,"" he continues.', '""Because while we don’t know how AI will function as a writer, we already know how our bosses intend to use it as managers; part of their jobs, after all, is to make sure the power of capital can use every tool at its disposal to disempower workers as they transform what used to be jobs into endless, frantic scrambles for gigs.""', 'Writers nationwide are protesting as a part of the first Hollywood strike in 15 years. One person in Los Angeles holds up a sign that says, ""A.I. THIS SIGN WROTE."" (David McNew)', ""Domenic Romano of Romano Law tells Fox News Digital that while AI is a concern for writers, it did not spark the writers' strike. AI is just part of the greater issue, which involves compensation. The guild notes that while budgets for projects have expanded, money for writers has dwindled."", 'For the time being, Romano says, this technology will be supplementary to writers.', '""Writer\'s block could become a thing of the past.\xa0No need to stare at a blank screen.\xa0AI can create a starting point but will not replace human creativity and expertise, especially in the near term. Instead, it will probably serve as a tool to assist screenwriters in their craft. The final output will still depend on the skill and talent of the writer, at least in the near term.""', 'Romano does, however, acknowledge legal complications of AI as it makes its way into the industry.', '""Controlling the intellectual property that is being fed into AI will be one of the larger battles,"" Romano said. ""AI that is using copyrighted material to generate creative output might be infringing copyright laws.\xa0The U.S. Copyright Office is currently examining the copyright law and policy issues raised by AI technologies, including the scope of copyright in works generated using AI tools and the use of copyrighted materials in AI training.""', ""The writers' strike has created division within the industry over many topics, including AI. (Frederic J. Brown / AFP)"", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'This is what writers, like Schamus, are highlighting in their demands to studios.', 'Steelberg imagines writers and AI companies, at least, can find a happy medium.', '""I think you\'re going to see more legislation and more demand for them to at least be able to provide attribution, right, of their source material. What went into their training data? And when you do ask for a prompt, and you get an answer, I do believe that the legitimate concerns are [that] they\'re going to have to detail where it came from.""', '""I do think there\'s a very workable, collaborative solution through this,"" he said.', 'Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Gillian Turner has the latest on the president's focus amid calls for an impeachment inquiry on 'Special Report.'"", 'The National Security Agency (NSA) will launch a new artificial intelligence security center to both protect U.S. AI systems and defend against external threats.', 'The new security center launches as the U.S. government has increased its use of algorithms and AI systems in defense and intelligence and is seeking to safeguard systems from theft or sabotage. The NSA center will also be responsible for protecting the homeland from external AI-related threats, according to a report from Yahoo News on Monday,', ""Army Gen. Paul Nakasone, NSA director, told The Associated Press that the new center could be incorporated into the NSA's existing Cybersecurity Collaboration Center, which works with the private sector and internal partners to strengthen U.S. defenses from near-peer rivals such as China and Russia."", 'Christopher Alexander, the chief analytics officer of Pioneer Development Group, told Fox News Digital such a center is ""desperately needed for intelligence analysis and is crucial for national security.""', 'CIA OFFICIAL SAYS CHINA ‘GROWING EVERY WHICH WAY’ ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', '""The most obscure details can complete an intelligence estimate and that requires intelligence analysts who can comb through every piece of information, recognize a [pattern] and turn that data into information — and ultimately a finished analysis,"" Alexander said. ""AI and machine learning can take on the role of literally 1000s of lower-level analysts. It works 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and the sheer amount of data collected allows for whole new methods of analysis.""', 'The National Security Agency logo is shown on a computer screen inside the Threat Operations Center in Fort Meade, Maryland. (Brooks Kraft LLC/Corbis via Getty Images)', 'Alexander pointed to allied intelligence collection efforts during World War II: ""Part of the reason the intel community realized the Germans would attack at the Battle of the Bulge was because of the size of buttons coming from German factories. AI will find and alert human analysts to small details that may otherwise be missed.""', 'Alexander added, ""In the future, predictive analytics will also be improved by collecting and sifting through massive data sets as well. That could completely revolutionize the spycraft trade.""', ""The report comes after a top CIA official warned that China's use of AI programs could be a threat to national security."", '""They are growing every which way,"" Lakshmi Raman, the CIA’s director for artificial intelligence, said at the Politico AI & Tech Summit, according to a report on FOX Business.', 'Those concerns seemingly mirror those of the Department of Homeland Security, which released a threat assessment that said ""the proliferation of accessible artificial intelligence tools likely will bolster our adversaries’ tactics.""', 'WARREN BLASTS CLOSED-DOOR SENATE AI MEETING, CALLS FOR RAPID REGULATION', '""Nation-states seeking to undermine trust in our government institutions, social cohesion, and democratic processes are using AI to create more believable mis-, dis- and malinformation campaigns, while cyber actors use AI to develop new tools and accesses that allow them to compromise more victims and enable larger-scale, faster, efficient and more evasive cyber attacks,"" the assessment said.', 'A sign for the National Security Agency, U.S. Cyber Command and Central Security Service is seen near the visitor entrance to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. (Saul Loeb / AFP via Getty Images)', 'But Jon Schweppe, the policy director of American Principles Project, is wary of the use of AI by the NSA, pointing to the controversial spying scandal that was made public by whistleblower Edward Snowden just over a decade ago.', '""Nobody is clamoring for more data mining and invasion of privacy from three letter agencies. The NSA has already demonstrated a history of abusing their power with the data collection operation previously uncovered by a whistleblower,"" Schweppe told Fox News Digital. ""We don’t even know the full scale of the dangers we’re facing with this emerging technology — should we really be entrusting a corrupt bureaucratic agency with even more power? Congress should be looking to limit the scope of these domestic spying operations, not giving them a de facto green light.""', '""We maintain an advantage in AI in the United States today. That AI advantage should not be taken for granted,"" Nakasone told reporters.', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE AI NEWS', 'An NSA spokesperson told Fox News Digital in a statement that the new security center is simply ""consolidating its various AI security related activities into a new entity, the NSA AI Security Center (AISC). Since AI security is principally a cybersecurity responsibility, the AISC will be located within and part of NSA’s Cybersecurity Collaboration Center.""', ""The new center comes amid increased fears that China or Russia could look to use AI to interfere in the U.S. presidential election next year, though that threat is something Nakasone said the NSA hasn't seen yet."", 'Instead, AI will still mostly be used for threat detection analysis, something Nakasone stressed the U.S. has already been doing.', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE US NEWS', '""AI helps us, but our decisions are made by humans. And that’s an important distinction,"" Nakasone said. ""We do see assistance from artificial intelligence. But at the end of the day, decisions will be made by humans and humans in the loop.""', 'The new security center comes after an NSA study found that securing AI models would be a major national security challenge going forward, noting that generative AI technologies continue to emerge that can be harnessed for both good and evil.', 'Exterior of the National Security Agency. (Greg Mathieson/Mai/Getty Images)', 'Nakasone\xa0said the center will become the ""NSA’s focal point for leveraging foreign intelligence insights, contributing to the development of best practices guidelines, principles, evaluation, methodology and risk frameworks,"" adding that both protecting the nation from AI threats and protecting the country\'s own AI will fall within ""our national security systems and our defense industrial base.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Ziven Havens, policy director at the Bull Moose Project, told Fox News Digital that the new center ""has the potential to bolster America’s national security,"" pointing to the threats posed by adversaries such as China.', '""With China continuously improving and building out their AI capabilities, we have no choice but to lead the way in the development and implementation of this emerging technology,"" Havens said. ""America must be first, or else we will be left behind in the AI race.""', 'Meanwhile, an NSA spokesperson told Fox News Digital in a statement that the agency ""is uniquely well positioned to bring its technical expertise, threat insights, and authorities as National Manager for National Security Systems and its work with the Defense Industrial Base to support whole-of-government efforts in conjunction with the private sector to ensure an enduring U.S. advantage in AI.""', '""NSA’s principles and values, along with our culture of compliance and protection of privacy and civil liberties, will serve as the foundation for the AISC’s activities,"" the spokesperson added.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'Authorities around the world are racing to draw up rules for artificial intelligence, including in the European Union, where draft legislation faced a pivotal moment on Thursday.', 'A European Parliament committee voted to strengthen the flagship legislative proposal as it heads toward passage, part of a yearslong effort by Brussels to draw up guardrails for artificial intelligence. Those efforts have taken on more urgency as the rapid advances of chatbots like ChatGPT highlight benefits the emerging technology can bring — and the new perils it poses.', ""Here's a look at the EU's Artificial Intelligence Act:"", 'What’s Next?', 'The AI Act, first proposed in 2021, will govern any product or service that uses an artificial intelligence system. The act will classify AI systems according to four levels of risk, from minimal to unacceptable. Riskier applications will face tougher requirements, including being more transparent and using accurate data. Think about it as a ""risk management system for AI,"" said Johann Laux, an expert at the Oxford Internet Institute.', ""'GODFATHER OF AI' SAYS TECH THREAT TO HUMANITY IS 'MORE URGENT' THAN CLIMATE CHANGE"", 'What Are the Risks?', ""One of the EU's main goals is to guard against any AI threats to health and safety and protect fundamental rights and values."", 'That means some AI uses are an absolute no-no, such as ""social scoring"" systems that judge people based on their behavior. AI that exploits vulnerable people including children or that uses subliminal manipulation that can result in harm, such as an interactive talking toy that encourages dangerous behavior, is also forbidden.', 'Lawmakers beefed up the proposal by voting to ban predictive policing tools, which crunch data to forecast where crimes will happen and who will commit them. They also approved a widened ban on remote facial recognition, save for a few law enforcement exceptions like preventing a specific terrorist threat. The technology scans passers-by and uses AI to match their faces to a database.', 'The aim is ""to avoid a controlled society based on AI,"" Brando Benifei, the Italian lawmaker helping lead the European Parliament\'s AI efforts, told reporters Wednesday. ""We think that these technologies could be used instead of the good also for the bad, and we consider the risks to be too high.""', 'The OpenAI logo is seen on a mobile phone in front of a computer screen displaying output from ChatGPT, on March 21, 2023, in Boston. European lawmakers are rushing to add language on artificial intelligence systems like ChatGPT to finalize regulations. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File)', ""AI systems used in high risk categories like employment and education, which would affect the course of a person's life, face tough requirements such as being transparent with users and putting in place risk assessment and mitigation measures."", ""The EU's executive arm says most AI systems, such as video games or spam filters, fall into the low- or no-risk category."", 'CHATGPT CONFESSION: GLOBAL WARMING? NOT MUCH SINCE 2016', 'What About Chatgpt?', 'The original 108-page proposal barely mentioned chatbots, merely requiring them to be labeled so users know they’re interacting with a machine. Negotiators later added provisions to cover general purpose AI like ChatGPT, subjecting them to some of the same requirements as high-risk systems.', 'One key addition is a requirement to thoroughly document any copyright material used to teach AI systems how to generate text, images, video or music that resembles human work. That would let content creators know if their blog posts, digital books, scientific articles or pop songs have been used to train algorithms that power systems like ChatGPT. Then they could decide whether their work has been copied and seek redress.', 'Why Are the Eu Rules So Important?', ""The European Union isn't a big player in cutting-edge AI development. That role is taken by the U.S. and China. But Brussels often plays a trendsetting role with regulations that tend to become de facto global standards."", '""Europeans are, globally speaking, fairly wealthy and there’s a lot of them,"" so companies and organizations often decide that the sheer size of the bloc’s single market with 450 million consumers makes it easier to comply than develop different products for different regions, Laux said.', ""But it's not just a matter of cracking down. By laying down common rules for AI, Brussels is also trying to develop the market by instilling confidence among users, Laux said."", '""The thinking behind it is if you can induce people to to place trust in AI and in applications, they will also use it more,"" Laux said. ""And when they use it more, they will unlock the economic and social potential of AI.""', 'CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'What if You Break the Rules?', ""Violations will draw fines of up to 30 million euros ($33 million) or 6% of a company's annual global revenue, which in the case of tech companies like Google and Microsoft could amount to billions."", 'What’s Next?', 'It could be years before the rules fully take effect. European Union lawmakers are now due to vote on the draft legislation at a plenary session in mid-June. Then it moves into three-way negotiations involving the bloc’s 27 member states, the Parliament and the executive Commission, where it could face more changes as they wrangle over the details. Final approval is expected by the end of the year, or early 2024 at the latest, followed by a grace period for companies and organizations to adapt, often around two years.']"
"['Doctors believe Artificial Intelligence is now saving lives, after a major advancement in breast cancer screenings. A.I. is detecting early signs of the disease, in some cases years before doctors would find the cancer on a traditional scan. ', 'Meet Ezra, the full-body cancer screener that just might save your life.', 'Combining MRI imaging technology with artificial intelligence, Ezra scans for possible cancer in the human body in up to 13 organs. It also monitors for hundreds of other conditions, such as brain aneurysms or fatty liver disease.', 'The New York-based company just received FDA clearance to implement another level of AI — called Ezra Flash — that will enhance the imaging results of the scans to enable faster, higher-quality results at a lower cost.', 'AI IN DENTISTRY: RESEARCHERS FIND THAT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CAN CREATE BETTER DENTAL CROWNS', '""Our current 60-minute scan is $1,950, but with the new AI, the faster 30-minute scan will be $1,350,"" said Emi Gal, founder and CEO of Ezra, in an interview with Fox News Digital.\xa0', '""Ultimately, our goal is to create a $500 full-body MRI that anyone can afford,"" he also said.', 'The inspiration for Ezra came from Gal’s own personal motivation to help people find cancer early. He is at a high risk for developing melanoma — and his mother passed away from the disease.', 'Combining MRI imaging technology with artificial intelligence, Ezra — founded by Emi Gal, shown at left — scans for possible cancer in up to 13 organs and also monitors for hundreds of other conditions. (Ezra/iStock)', '""I strongly believe that the cure for cancer is early detection,"" Gal said.\xa0', '""The five-year survival rates are significantly higher for people who find cancer early.""', ""While some cancers have very clear screening guidelines — mammograms for breast cancer and colonoscopies for colon cancer, for example — most types don't have screening procedures available, he explained."", 'That means for cancers of the pancreas, liver or brain, most people don’t get diagnosed until they have symptoms, said Gal.\xa0', '""Everyone should have the right to know what is going on in their body.""', 'Ezra is now in use in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Miami and Las Vegas. The company partners with existing ACR (American College of Radiology)-accredited facilities, where the scans are performed.\xa0', '""We\'ve scanned just under 5,000 people and we\'ve helped 13% of our members find possible cancer,"" Gal said.\xa0', 'More and more physicians are referring their patients for Ezra scans, he noted.', '""The quality of an MRI is determined by the level of ‘noise,’"" explained Emi Gal, founder and CEO of Ezra. ""And so in technical terms, our AI (not pictured) is able to remove the noise that results from a much faster scan."" (iStock)', '""We now have about 200 physicians,"" he said. ""These are mainly primary care physicians who send their patients to get scans proactively.""', ""The main feedback they’ve received from members is that they love Ezra, but it's too expensive to do every year and needs to be more affordable."", '""That\'s what we\'ve been working on for the past year-and-a-half now, and that\'s what this new AI will enable,"" Gal said.', 'The current 60-minute version of Ezra uses two different types of artificial intelligence.', 'One of those automates some of the things radiologists do when reading a scan.\xa0', '""For example, when a radiologist looks at a prostate MRI, they need to measure the size of the prostate and the size of any lesions, and they need to draw a circle around the lesions for biopsy prep,"" Gal explained.\xa0', '""All of that is automated using AI, which makes radiologists faster and lowers our costs, which enables us to pass those savings on to consumers.""', '""We want to make booking your screening as easy as booking an Uber.""', 'The other type of AI helps with the reporting side — it produces a radiology report and ""translates"" it into a clear, understandable format, Gal said.', '""For example, if you have a 6-millimeter nodule in your thyroid, the AI explains what that means, what you should do about it and how to monitor and follow up,"" he said. ""We don\'t just deliver a radiology report — we give you a kind of translation of what you should do about it.""', 'The patient also has the option to do a video call with one of Ezra’s on-staff doctors to discuss the results.', 'NEW AI ‘CANCER CHATBOT’ PROVIDES PATIENTS AND FAMILIES WITH 24/7 SUPPORT: ‘EMPATHETIC APPROACH’', 'With the new Ezra Flash that has just been cleared by the FDA, the shorter 30-minute scan includes a third level of AI that enables radiologists to complete scans much faster. The AI then enhances the quality of the images so radiologists can more easily read them.', '""The quality of an MRI is determined by the level of ‘noise,’"" explained Gal. ""And so in technical terms, our AI is able to remove the noise that results from a much faster scan.""', ""Founder Emi Gal, shown here, was inspired to start Ezra because he's at high risk for developing melanoma; his mother also passed away from the disease. (Emi Gal/Ezra)"", ""The company's ultimate goal is for Ezra to offer a 15-minute, full-body MRI scan for $500; it aims to achieve this over the next two to three years."", '""Ultimately, we think Ezra should be the end-to-end cancer screening platform,"" Gal said. ""We want to make booking your screening as easy as booking an Uber.""', '""Our ability to scan more people in the future will come from seamless, easy, convenient access to any kind of screening.""', 'One 36-year-old man, who asked that his name be withheld for privacy reasons, decided to schedule a preventative full-body cancer screening with Ezra last year.', 'Within the span of a year, two of his close friends, both in their early 30s, had been diagnosed with cancer — and both were told their tumors had likely been developing for over a decade.', '""I was struck by the fact that despite all the advances of modern medicine, you still have no idea what is happening inside your body,"" he told Fox News Digital. ""In a majority of cases, the onus is on the patient to realize something is wrong, at which point it is often too late for effective treatment.""', '""It would not be an exaggeration to say my scan saved my life.""', 'After a short intake questionnaire, the patient was scheduled for an MRI at a nearby imaging center. The process took just over an hour.', '""I had no reason for concern, it was just a screening — so I was very surprised to find that my scan turned up an alarmingly large brain tumor,"" he said.', 'Early detection of the brain tumor allowed for intervention before it had progressed to an advanced stage, which would have required more aggressive treatment, such as chemotherapy and radiation.\xa0', 'AI SHOWN TO PREDICT RISK OF PANCREATIC CANCER WELL BEFORE SYMPTOMS APPEAR', '""According to my medical team, it would likely have been another five to 10 years before symptoms — most likely a seizure — would have indicated the presence of the tumor,"" he said.\xa0', '""Had that been the case, I would have undergone emergency surgery.""', 'Instead, the patient had time to research top neurosurgery centers across the country and consult with multiple surgeons before scheduling his surgery.\xa0', 'For one patient, the early detection of a brain tumor (not pictured) allowed for intervention before it had progressed to an advanced stage. (iStock)', 'He was also able to enroll in a clinical trial for a medication that has since proven successful — something he might have missed out on if he’d gotten the diagnosis later.', '""Everyone should have the right to know what is going on in their body,"" the patient said. ""It would not be an exaggeration to say my scan saved my life.""', 'Unlike X-rays that use ionizing radiation, Ezra’s MRI technology uses magnetic resonance, Gal explained.', '""You can do a scan every day for the rest of your life and you\'ll be fine,"" he said.', 'The one potential concern, however, is the risk of incidental findings.\xa0', 'If a scan picks up a red flag that is investigated and turns out to be nothing, it could result in an unnecessary biopsy.', '""We’ve developed an entire framework to handle incidental findings,"" Gal said. ""Part of why we use AI to generate these reports is so that we can clearly explain to people what every single finding means and what should be done about it.""', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER', 'Ezra uses a scoring system that ranks every finding from 1 to 5, 1 being just informative and 5 being ""emergent and urgent.""\xa0', 'Based on that rank, they determine whether someone should follow up on a finding.', 'Even for existing routine screenings, like mammograms, there is always the risk of false positives, Gal pointed out.', '""From the data we have so far, we have a really, really low false positive rate — around 1%, which is probably even better than a mammogram or a lung scan,"" he said.', 'Even for existing routine screenings such as mammograms, there is always the risk of false positives, Gal pointed out. (iStock)', 'The patient who discovered his brain tumor through an Ezra scan also flagged incidental findings as the sole risk.', '""Full-body scans inevitably produce incidental findings, which may lead to additional testing,"" he said. ""These additional tests come with their own risks, stress and costs.""', '""These additional tests come with their own risks, stress and costs.""', '""As these screenings become more widespread and incidental findings more frequent, clinicians will need to become better at differentiating which findings require follow-up and which do not,"" he added.\xa0', '""The responsibility of the health care provider is to clarify and provide context for the information, explain their recommendations and then empower patients to make informed decisions about their own health.""', ""Until now, medical imaging has been primarily used to diagnose diseases after symptoms have already emerged — but Ezra aims to detect cancer well before that point, said Dr. Sodickson, chief of innovation in radiology at NYU Grossman School of Medicine, who is also Ezra's advisor and chief scientist."", '""Such a shift requires that MRI be made more accessible — first financially and then technologically,"" he said. ""The FDA approval of Ezra Flash, which leverages AI to clear up rapid scans, is an important first step, since time is money in medical imaging.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Meanwhile, as Ezra completes more scans over time, the system will ""learn"" to detect subtle changes earlier, preventing the false positive results that can plague one-shot screening studies, the doctor noted.\xa0', 'He added, ""The goal is to initiate a virtuous cycle: Make imaging accessible in order to scan you more frequently, and scan more frequently in order to provide accurate monitoring of your health over time.""', 'Melissa Rudy is health editor and a member of the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to melissa.rudy@fox.com.']"
"['A group of scientists from across the U.S. claim to have created the first artificial intelligence capable of generating AI without human supervision.', 'AI GIVES BIRTH TO AI: Scientists say machine intelligence now capable of replicating without humans.\xa0Continue reading…', ""'LANDMARK YEAR': 6 of the biggest AI innovations of 2023.\xa0Continue reading…"", 'AI (Artificial Intelligence) letters are placed on computer motherboard in this illustration taken on June 23, 2023.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo)', 'TECH AIDING CLIENTS: How AI can brush the dust off the old wealth management industry.\xa0Continue reading…', ""AI GONE AWRY: FTC bans Rite Aid's AI facial recognition over lack of consumer protections.\xa0Continue reading…\xa0"", 'Jack Black is seen at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace on April 26, 2023, in Las Vegas.\xa0 (Gabe Ginsberg/WireImage)', 'FEELING ‘PEACH’-Y: ‘Super Mario Bros.’ star shares optimism about AI.\xa0Continue reading…\xa0', 'AI ARMS RACE: Top Republican warns US rivals are advancing in AI, quantum computing.\xa0Continue reading…', ""SURVIVAL RISK:\xa0Pope Francis warns about AI exploited by 'technocratic systems'.\xa0Continue reading…"", ""Pope Francis speaks during his weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square at The Vatican, on Oct. 18, 2023. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino, File)"", 'BREAKING NEWS: First AI-generated news anchors will report for duty on the new Channel 1 next year.\xa0Continue reading…', 'DRUG FLUBS: ChatGPT spreads inaccuracies about medications, study has found.\xa0Continue reading…', 'WHAT TO WATCH: AI predictions for 2024.\xa0Continue reading…\xa0', 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"['Rebekah Koffler discusses if the U.S. is prepared to simultaneously provide aid to Ukraine and Taiwan.', 'An open letter recently signed by Elon Musk, researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University, and more than a thousand other prominent people set off alarm bells on advances in artificial intelligence (AI). The letter urged the world’s leading labs to hit the brakes on this powerful technology for six months because of the ""profound risks to society and humanity.""', 'A pause to consider the ramifications of this unpredictable new technology may have benefits. But our enemies will not wait while the U.S. engages in teleological discourse.', '""By combining our wealth of research capacity and industrial capabilities, Russia and China can become world leaders in information technology, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence (AI),"" declared Russian President Vladimir Putin on March 21 during his meeting in Moscow with Chinese President Xi Jinping. The two authoritarian leaders vowed to usher in a new, anti-U.S. world order, and as their joint statement noted a ""Deepening the Comprehensive Strategic Partnership of Coordination in the New Era,"" highlighted cooperation between Russia and China on AI.\xa0', 'AI is regarded as part of the fourth industrial revolution, which also includes the Internet of Things, genetic engineering, and quantum computing. Here is how America’s top adversaries, China and Russia, plan to weaponize this powerful tool against America.', 'CHINA WILL REQUIRE AI TO REFLECT SOCIALIST VALUES, NOT CHALLENGE SOCIAL ORDER', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands in Moscow, Russia, on Tuesday, March 21. (Mikhail Tereshchenko/Sputnik/Kremlin Pool Photo)', 'China codified its AI ambitions in the New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan, which it adopted in July 2017. China had its AI awakening moment a year prior, according to Kaifu Li, ex-director of Google China.\xa0On March 19, 2016, Google DeepMind’s artificial intelligence program AlphaGo defeated South Korea’s Lee Sedol, the world champion in Go, the ancient Chinese game, in a highly anticipated match at the Four Seasons Hotel in Seoul’s Gwanghwamun district. Most South Korean TV networks were covering the event as 60 million Chinese tuned in and 100,000 English-speaking viewers watched YouTube’s livestream. That a computer could beat the world champion shocked the Chinese. Sixteen months later, the Chinese Communist Party vowed that Beijing will lead the world of AI by 2030.', 'China’s AI strategy centers on three primary goals: domestic surveillance, economic advancement and future warfare. The Chinese government is already using AI-driven software dubbed ""one person, one file,"" that collects and stores vast amounts of data on its residents, in order to evaluate loyalty and risk to the regime. A giant network of surveillance cameras the Chinese authorities call ""sharp eyes"" tracks everyone continuously. Americans who travel to China, especially business executives and government officials, need to be aware of the risks associated with this blanket 24/7 monitoring.', 'When it comes to military applications, China’s strategic ambitions for AI are what the CCP calls ""intelligentized"" and ""informatized"" warfare. China’s Ministry of National Defense has established two research centers to execute this mission – the Artificial Intelligence Research Center and the Unmanned Systems Research Center. The People’s Liberation Army’s (PLA) tasked its Academy of Military Science with ensuring that the PLA’s warfighting doctrine is fully capitalized on disruptive technologies like AI and autonomous systems.\xa0', ""Chinese President Xi Jinping applauds during a session of China's National People's Congress in Beijing, March 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)"", ""AFTER XI-PUTIN MEETING, TEAM BIDEN STILL DOESN'T GET WHAT'S JUST HAPPENED TO THE UNITED STATES"", 'The United States is the primary target of China’s AI-enabled warfare doctrine, as it is the only country that stands in the way of China’s long-held policy goal of securing control over Taiwan. The CCP has decided that instead of following the track of U.S. military modernization, something Chinese military theorists view as linear trajectory, China will pursue ""leapfrog development"" of AI and autonomous technologies.\xa0', 'The PLA views AI technology as a ""trump card"" weapon that could be used in multiple ways to target perceived U.S. vulnerabilities, including U.S. battle networks and America’s way of war in general. An AI-enabled ""swarming"" tactic, for example is one of the approaches China could use to target and saturate the defenses of U.S. aircraft carriers.\xa0', 'AI swarming is a high-tech version of flooding U.S. airspace, in the run-up to an invasion of Taiwan, with hundreds of weaponized air balloons, of the kind that it recently flew across America. This would overwhelm the detection and defense capabilities of the U.S. North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD.) How many F-22s and $400,000 AIM-9X Sidewinder missiles would be needed to down them all?\xa0', 'The speed of China’s progress in AI is of grave concern to the Pentagon and U.S. intelligence. In March, the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency warned that China is ""investing heavily in its AI and ML [machine learning] capabilities.""\xa0', 'The 2023 Annual Threat Assessment by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence characterized China’s AI and big data analytics capabilities as ""rapidly expanding and improving,"" saying China is on track to ""expand beyond domestic use."" China is already an ""AI peer in many areas and an AI leader in some applications,"" according to the 2021 Final Report by the U.S. National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. The report warned that ""China’s plans, resources, and progress should concern all Americans"" and highlighted the importance of winning the ""intensifying strategic competition"" with China, which is determined to surpass the United States in the next few years.', ""President Joe Biden speaks during a meeting with the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology at the White House, Tuesday, April 4, 2023.\xa0 (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)"", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER', 'Russia is lagging behind China and the U.S. in AI, but Moscow also seeks to become one of the world leaders in this novel technology. In 2017, Putin famously proclaimed ""whichever country becomes the leader in artificial intelligence will become the ruler of the world.""\xa0', 'In October 2019, Vladmir Putin approved Russia\'s ""National Strategy for the Development of Artificial Intelligence to 2030"" and directed his Cabinet to report annually about the progress of its implementation. Last year, Putin escalated his prioritization of AI. ""Artificial intelligence technologies should be massively implemented in all industries in Russia this decade,"" he stated at the AI Journal Conference in Moscow in November 2022, urging Russia\'s researchers to ""create breakthrough technologies of a new era."" Russia\'s ""place in the world, sovereignty, and security"" depend on the results it achieves in AI, he said.', 'Russia’s AI strategy is primarily focused on robotics, robot-human interaction and counter-drone warfare. Russian military strategists believe that the expanding role of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in modern warfare necessitates the development of ""UAV-killing UAV"" systems. AI is also viewed by Russian strategists as a perfect technology to enable Moscow’s doctrine of ""controlled chaos"" as a way of deterring Washington\xa0from intervening in a conflict, such as the one in Ukraine. The doctrine envisions the targeting of the U.S. homeland with AI-enabled crippling cyber-attacks and spreading false information that could cause panic and disrupt the normal functioning of the society.\xa0', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a celebration in Red Square in Moscow, Sept. 30, 2022. (Anton Novoderezhkin, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Russian doctrinal writings talk about ""inspiring crisis"" in an adversary’s state by deploying AI-enabled cyber weapons and information operations in the run-up to a conflict. Using an ""artificially maintained"" crisis to trigger ""aggravating factors such as dissatisfaction with existing government,"" would create a destabilizing effect on the opponent, pointing their focus inward and away from what Russia is doing, hypothesize Russian strategists.', 'As U.S. leaders make decisions regarding America’s pace of development in AI, they must remember that Russia and China are not only accelerating the speed of their AI research, they also plan to join forces to make critical gains in it. The goal is to create a new anti-U.S. world order, destabilize the U.S. from within, and defeat America on the battlefield if necessary. Now is not the time to cede our competitive advantage in AI to our top adversaries.', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM REBEKAH KOFFLER', 'Rebekah Koffler\xa0is a strategic military intelligence analyst and the author of\xa0Putin’s Playbook. She is Managing Editor of an e-mail newsletter for independent thinkers,\xa0CutToTheNews.com. Follow her on Twitter\xa0@Rebekah0132']"
"[""Fox News host Steve Hilton delves into ChatGPT, an artificial intelligence program that could have major implications for writing-focused jobs on 'The Next Revolution.'"", 'In the past few years, the world has seen huge advancements in artificial intelligence, with chatbots being able to have almost human-like conversations with users in real time, and image generators conjuring realistic-looking photos based on word prompts.\xa0', 'While proponents of the advancing technology have lauded its ability to increase creativity and streamline work, others are more critical, even warning of potential catastrophes.', 'Stanford’s 2023 Artificial Intelligence Index Report highlights a study which revealed 36% of the Natural Language Processing (NLP) research community said AI decisions could cause ""nuclear-level catastrophe."" Seventy-three percent of respondents said it could lead to ""revolutionary societal change.""\xa0', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ‘GODFATHER’ ON AI POSSIBLY WIPING OUT HUMANITY: ‘IT’S NOT INCONCEIVABLE'"", 'The survey, which was conducted by researchers from three different universities, asked participants to agree or disagree with the statement ""It is possible that decisions made by AI or machine learning systems could cause a catastrophe this century that is a least as bad as an all-out nuclear war."" Overall, more researchers disagreed with the statement than agreed with it.\xa0', 'A third of Natural Language Processing researchers predicted AI could make a decision which would ""cause a catastrophe this century that is at least as bad as an all-out nuclear war.""\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', 'Organizations like OpenAI have made huge advancements in artificial intelligence in the past few years, leading to the release of chatbots like ChatGPT.\xa0 (Gabby Jones/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has previously compared the work of OpenAI to the Manhattan Project.\xa0 (JASON REDMOND/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Natural Language Processing (NLP) describes research at the intersection of language and artificial intelligence, which trains machines to process and analyze large amounts of data. \xa0', 'TOP TECH EXECUTIVES TO HOLD COUNCIL ON AI GUARDRAILS AMID CALLS FOR DEVELOPMENT PAUSE', 'Concern about the future of artificial intelligence was shared among non-researchers as well. In 2022, a Pew Research study found that 37% of Americans feel more concerned than excited about the use of AI technology, and 45% feel equally concerned and excited.\xa0', 'Of those Americans who were concerned, the loss of human jobs, as well as surveillance, hacking, and digital privacy were the most concerning topics.\xa0', 'This is not the first time artificial intelligence has been linked to nuclear advancements. Sam Altman, the CEO and founder of OpenAI, which is responsible for AI chatbot ChatGPT, has compared his company’s work to the Manhattan Project.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""As Mr. Altman sipped a sweet wine in lieu of dessert, he compared his company to the Manhattan Project,"" the New York Times reported earlier this month, based on a 2019 interview. ""As if he were chatting about tomorrow’s weather forecast, he said the U.S. effort to build an atomic bomb during the Second World War had been a ‘project on the scale of OpenAI – the level of ambition we aspire to.""\xa0', 'Kelsey Koberg is an Editor with Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"['Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel weighs in on how artificial intelligence can change the patient-doctor relationship on ‘America’s Newsroom.’', 'With research showing that only 22% of Americans keep a written record of their end-of-life wishes, a team at OSF HealthCare in Illinois is using artificial intelligence to help physicians determine which patients have a higher chance of dying during their hospital stay.', 'The team developed an AI model that is designed to predict a patient’s risk of death within five to 90 days after admission to the hospital, according to a press release from OSF.\xa0', 'The goal is for the clinicians to be able to have important end-of-life discussions with these patients.', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE?', '""It’s a goal of our organization that every single patient we serve would have advanced care planning discussions documented, so we could deliver the care that they wish — especially at a sensitive time like the end of their life, when they may not be able to communicate with us because of their clinical situation,"" said lead study author Dr. Jonathan Handler, OSF HealthCare senior fellow of innovation, in an interview with Fox News Digital.', 'If patients get to the point where they are unconscious or on a ventilator, for example, it may be too late for them to convey their preferences.', ""Lead study author Dr. Jonathan Handler is senior fellow of innovation with OSF HealthCare in Illinois. His team developed an AI model that's designed to predict a patient’s risk of death within five to 90 days after admission to the hospital.\xa0 (OSF HealthCare)"", 'Ideally, the mortality predictor would prevent the situation in which patients might die without getting the full benefit of the hospice care they might have gotten if their plans were documented sooner, Handler said.', 'Given that the length of a typical hospital stay is four days, the researchers chose to start the model at five days, ending it at 90 days for a ""sense of urgency,"" the researcher noted.', 'NEW AI-GENERATED COVID DRUG ENTERS PHASE I CLINICAL TRIALS: ‘EFFECTIVE AGAINST ALL VARIANTS’', 'The AI model was tested on a data set of more than 75,000 patients across different races, ethnicities, genders and socioeconomic factors.', 'The research, recently published in the Journal of Medical Systems, showed that among all patients, the mortality rate was one in 12 people.', 'But for those who were flagged by the AI model as more likely to die during their hospital stay, the mortality rate increased to one in four — three times higher than the average.', 'A team at OSF HealthCare in Illinois (shown here) is using artificial intelligence to help physicians determine which patients have a higher chance of dying during their hospital stay. (OSF HealthCare)', 'The model was tested both before and during the COVID-19 pandemic, with nearly identical results, the research team said.', 'The patient mortality predictor was trained on 13 different types of patient information, said Handler.\xa0', '""That included clinical trends, like how patients’ organs are functioning, along with how often they’ve had to visit the health care system, the intensity of those visits, and other information like their age,"" he said.\xa0', '""Then the artificial intelligence uses that information to make a prediction about the likelihood that the patient will die within the next five to 90 days.""', 'STUDENTS USE AI TECHNOLOGY TO FIND NEW BRAIN TUMOR THERAPY TARGETS — WITH A GOAL OF FIGHTING DISEASE FASTER', 'The model provides a physician with a probability, or ""confidence level,"" as well as an explanation as to why the patient has a higher than normal risk of death, Handler said.', '""At the end of the day, the AI takes a bunch of information that would take a long time for a clinician to gather, analyze and summarize on their own — and then presents that information along with the prediction to allow the clinician to make a decision,"" he said.', 'A life flight heads to Saint Francis Medical Center, part of OSF HealthCare. (OSF HealthCare)', 'The OSF researchers were inspired by a similar AI model built at NYU Langone, Handler said.', '""They had created a 60-day mortality predictor, which we attempted to replicate,"" he said.\xa0', '""We think we have a very different population than they do, so we used a new kind of predictor to get the performance that we were looking for, and we were successful in that.""', '""Ultimately, our goal is to meet the patients’ wishes and provide them with the end-of-life care that best meets their needs.""', 'The predictor ""isn’t perfect,"" Handler admitted; just because it identifies an increased risk of mortality doesn’t mean that\'s going to happen.\xa0', '""But at the end of the day, even if the predictor is wrong, the goal is to stimulate the clinician to have a conversation,"" he said.', '""Ultimately, we want to meet the patients’ wishes and provide them with the end-of-life care that best meets their needs,"" Handler added.', 'The goal is for the clinicians to have enough time to have important end-of-life discussions with those patients, researchers said. (iStock)', 'The AI tool is currently in use at OSF, as Handler noted that the health care system ""attempted to integrate this as seamlessly as possible into the clinicians’ workflow in a way that supports them.""', '""We are now in the process of optimizing the tool to ensure that it has the greatest impact, and that it supports a deep, meaningful and thoughtful patient-clinician interaction,"" Handler said.\xa0', 'Dr. Harvey Castro, a Dallas, Texas-based board-certified emergency medicine physician and national speaker on artificial intelligence in health care, said he recognizes the potential benefits of OSF’s model, but pointed out that it may have some risks and limitations.', 'One of those is potential false positives. ""If the AI model incorrectly predicts a high risk of mortality for a patient who is not actually at such risk, it could lead to unnecessary distress for the patient and their family,"" Castro said.', '""End-of-life discussions are sensitive and can have profound psychological effects on a patient. Health care providers should combine AI predictions with a compassionate human touch.""', 'False negatives present another risk, Castro pointed out.\xa0', '""If the AI model fails to identify a patient who is at high risk of mortality, crucial end-of-life discussions might be delayed or never take place,"" he said. ""This could result in the patient not receiving the care they would have wished for in their final days.""', '""Ethical exploration of AI\'s role in health care is paramount, especially when dealing with life and death predictions,"" Castro said. (iStock)', 'Additional potential risks include an over-reliance on AI, data privacy concerns, and possible bias if the model is trained on a limited dataset, which could lead to disparities in care recommendations for other patient groups, Castro warned.', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER', 'These types of models should be paired with human interaction, the expert noted.', '""End-of-life discussions are sensitive and can have profound psychological effects on a patient,"" he said. ""Health care providers should combine AI predictions with a compassionate human touch.""', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER', 'Continuous monitoring and feedback are crucial to ensure that such models remain accurate and beneficial in real-world scenarios, the expert added.', '""Ethical exploration of AI\'s role in health care is paramount, especially when dealing with life and death predictions.""', 'Melissa Rudy is health editor and a member of the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to melissa.rudy@fox.com.']"
"[""Russell Wald, director of the Stanford Institute for Human-Centered AI, sounds off on 'The Story.' "", 'Over the last few years, the rapid development of artificial intelligence has taken the world by storm as many experts believe machine learning technology will fundamentally alter the way of life for all humans.\xa0', 'The general idea of artificial intelligence is that it represents the ability to mimic human consciousness and therefore can complete tasks that only humans can do. Artificial intelligence has various uses, such as making the most optimal decisions in a chess match, driving a family of four across the United States, or writing a 3,000 world essay for a college student.', 'Read below to understand the concepts and abilities of the four categories of artificial intelligence.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FAQ', 'The most basic form of artificial intelligence is reactive machines, which react to an input with a simplistic output programmed into the machine. In this form of AI, the program does not actually learn a new concept or have the ability to make predictions based on a dataset. During this first stage of AI, reactive machines do not store inputs and, therefore, cannot use past decisions to inform current ones.\xa0', ""The simplest type of artificial intelligence is seen in reactive machines, which were used in the late 1990s to defeat the world's best chess players.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)"", ""Reactive machines best exemplify the earliest form of artificial intelligence. Reactive machines were capable of beating the world's best chess players in the late 1990s by making the most optimal decisions based on their opponent's moves. The world was shocked when IBM's chess player, Deep Blue, defeated chess grandmaster Guy Kasparov during their rematch in 1997."", 'Reactive machines have the ability to generate thousands of different possibilities in the present based on input; however, the AI ignores all other forms of data in the present moment, and no actual learning occurs. Regardless, this programming led the way to machine-learning computing and introduced the unique power of artificial intelligence to the public for the first time.\xa0', 'Limited memory further expanded the complexity and abilities of machine learning computing. This form of artificial intelligence understands the concept of storing previous data and using it to make accurate predictions for the future. Through a series of trial and error efforts, limited memory allows the program to perfect tasks typically completed by humans, such as driving a car.\xa0', ""AI COULD GO 'TERMINATOR,' GAIN UPPER HAND OVER HUMANS IN DARWINIAN RULES OF EVOLUTION, REPORT WARNS"", 'Limited memory AI is trained by scientists to memorize a data set before an environment is built in which it has the ability to correct mistakes and have approved behaviors reinforced. The AI then perfects its ability to complete the task during the training phase by receiving feedback from either human or environmental stimuli. That feedback is then reviewed and used to make better decisions in the future.\xa0', 'Elon Musk is the founder and CEO of Tesla, a leading self-driving vehicles company.\xa0 (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)', 'A perfect example of limited memory artificial intelligence is self-driving cars. The model examines the speed and direction of other cars in the present moment to make the best decisions on the road. The training phase of self-driving cars also considers traffic lights, road structures, lane markings, and how human drivers act on the road. Companies like Tesla are leading the way in producing and wide-scale marketing of AI-controlled self-driving vehicles.\xa0', 'Theory of mind AI systems are still being researched and developed by computer scientists and may represent the future of machine learning. The general concept of the theory of mind is that an AI system will be able to react in real time to the emotions and mental characteristics of the human entity it encounters. Scientists hope that AI can complete these tasks by understanding the emotions, beliefs, thinking, and needs of individual humans.\xa0', 'This future AI system will need to have the ability to look past the data and understand that humans often make decisions not based on purely sound logic or fact but rather based on the mental state of their mind and overall emotions. Therefore, machine learning will need to adjust their decisions and behavior according to the mental state of humans.\xa0', 'GOOGLE SCRAMBLES FOR NEW SEARCH ENGINE AS AI CREEPS IN: REPORT', ""The development of self-aware artificial intelligence is not possible with today's technology but would represent a massive achievement for machine learning science. (Cyberguy.com)"", 'While this is not possible at the moment, if the theory of the mind ever becomes a reality, it would be one of the greatest developments in artificial intelligence computing in decades.\xa0', 'The final stage of the development of artificial intelligence is when the machine has the ability to become self-aware and form its own identity. This form of AI is not at all possible today but has been used in science fiction media for decades to scare and intrigue the public. In order for self-aware AI to become possible, scientists will need to find a way to replicate consciousness into a machine.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'The ability to map human consciousness is a goal far beyond simply plugging inputs into an AI program or using a dataset to predict future outcomes. It represents the pinnacle of machine learning technology and may fundamentally shift how humans interact with themselves and the world.\xa0', ""Artificial narrow intelligence, or ANI, is the simplest form of AI, but also one of the most common types of machine learning in the daily lives of individuals across the world. Narrow intelligence machines are based on a learning algorithm that is designed to complete one singular task successfully and will not store information to complete different tasks. Tasks where narrow intelligence generally succeeds include language translation and image recognition. Products such as Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alex are examples of ANI.\xa0"", 'Artificial general intelligence, or AGI, describes a form of machine learning that simulates human cognitive systems by completing different takes. This form of AI is able to store information while completing and use that data to perfect its performance in future tasks. However, AGI is only a hypothetical form of AI and has not yet been invented. The ultimate goal of AGI would be to surpass human capabilities in completing complex tasks.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Artificial super intelligence is another example of AI that has not yet been invented but is rather a concept that describes the most advanced form of machine learning. ASI is a concept that envisions a future in which computer programs will be able to simulate human thought and evolve beyond human cognitive abilities. This stage of AI is considered science fiction, but could be possible decades from now, depending on how advance AI becomes. \xa0']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'Pennsylvania state government will prepare to use artificial intelligence in its operations, Democratic Gov. Josh Shapiro said Wednesday, as states are increasingly trying to gauge the impact of AI and how to regulate it.', 'Shapiro, speaking at a news conference at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, said his administration is convening an AI governing board, publishing principles on the use of AI and developing training programs for state employees.', 'Pennsylvanians will expect state government to understand AI, adapt to AI and ensure that it is being used safely in the private sector, Shapiro said.', 'TECH GIANT TO SHIELD CUSTOMERS FROM IP LAWSUITS RELATED TO AI TOOLS', '""We don’t want to let AI happen to us,"" Shapiro said. ""We want to be part of helping develop AI for the betterment of our citizens.""', ""Shapiro's administration plans to start a two-year fellowship program to recruit AI experts who can help agencies incorporate it into their operations. He said the state's public safety agencies have already begun consulting with AI experts to prepare for any AI-driven threats, such as fraud."", 'Democratic Gov. Josh Shapiro speaks at the state Capitol in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Jan. 17, 2023. Shapiro’s administration said the Pennsylvania state government is preparing to use artificial intelligence in its operations. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, file)', 'The governing board of senior administration officials will be asked to guide the development, purchase and use of AI, with the help of Carnegie Mellon faculty, the administration said.', 'Among state policymakers nationwide, AI is a growing area of concern. States including Wisconsin, Texas, Louisiana, North Dakota and West Virginia have taken action to study some of the effects of AI.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'In California, Gov. Gavin Newsom earlier this month signed an executive order to study the development, use and risks of AI, and lawmakers in at least 25 states have introduced bills that address it, according to the National Conference on State Legislatures.', 'In Pennsylvania, lawmakers have introduced several bills on AI, including a pair to study its impacts on the state.', ""One bill would allow caseworkers to use it to help determine someone's eligibility for a government program and to detect fraud. Another would create a registry of companies that make software containing algorithmic logic for use in automated calls, voice or text prompts online.""]"
"['George Mason University professor Carl Szabo joins ‘Fox & Friends Weekend’ to discuss artificial intelligence and its impact on higher education.\xa0', 'Artificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the world as we know it. OpenAI’s ChatGPT became the fastest-growing consumer application in history, after reaching 100 million monthly active users just two months after its launch, according to a UBS study in January 2023.', 'In higher education, the rise of AI text generators and chatbots is driving faculty and administrators to rethink their institutions’ curriculum and policies.', 'ChatGPT has raised concerns of increased opportunities for cheating and plagiarism, as well as inhibiting students’ learning. A BestColleges survey found that 51% of college students agree that using AI tools on schoolwork constitutes cheating or plagiarism. However, one in five students use them anyway.\xa0', 'AI can enhance students’ thinking, problem-solving and other skills that will help them in the workplace. (iStock)', 'AI isn’t going anywhere, and it’s up to students to determine its role within their studies. Here are three ways parents can help their students navigate the use of AI.', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'First, encourage your student to seek ways to use AI to support and improve their learning, rather than as a shortcut or means of doing less work.', 'Educators across the country have raised concerns that AI tools will hinder students’ ability to develop critical thinking, researching, writing and communication skills, reducing their employability.\xa0', 'However, when used properly, AI can enhance students’ thinking, problem-solving and other skills that will make them stand out in the workplace. In addition, many employers are already seeking candidates who know how to use AI to enhance their productivity.\xa0', 'At Southeastern University (SEU), where I serve as president, we introduced a course on ChatGPT to ensure that our students are learning how to use AI text generators effectively and responsibly.', 'AI CAN BENEFIT STUDENTS AND PARENTS IF DONE RIGHT', 'Within the class, students learn the basics of prompt engineering — structuring prompts in a way that AI can understand — to help generate clearer and more helpful results. By doing so, students are practicing critical thinking skills by questioning their own thought processes and thinking through the steps needed to execute specific actions.\xa0', 'The ultimate goal is for students to use this ability to further engage with their other courses and deepen their understanding of what they are learning.\xa0', 'Encourage your student to use AI to help them brainstorm ideas, organize their notes or create study guides for their courses. With the right encouragement and direction, ChatGPT can be used to help students engage with their course material and improve their critical thinking, not detract from it.', 'Second, encourage your student to use AI responsibly.\xa0', 'To ensure academic integrity and that your student is getting the most out of their courses, they need to first find out from their professors when, or if, the use of AI is permitted.\xa0', ""AI BELONGS IN SCHOOLS. HERE'S HOW I PLAN TO USE IT TO HELP, NOT HURT MY STUDENTS"", 'At SEU, we have added a generative AI assistance policy that requires students to first confirm with their professor if ChatGPT and similar tools are acceptable to use while completing projects.\xa0', 'However, we have established that AI tools should not be used during in-class examinations or assignments, unless explicitly instructed by the professor. When it comes to projects outside of class, we are trusting our faculty to decide its usefulness.', 'We also realize that there may be some instances where AI tools need to be strictly prohibited, especially when it relates to licensure and certification exams. In those cases, restrictions are clearly outlined within the course’s syllabus.', 'Encourage your student to review their university’s overall AI policies and to read over each instructor’s syllabus with their specific course’s guidelines. Encourage them to talk with their professors directly, ask questions, and get feedback and advice on how to use AI responsibly in their classroom.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE FOX NEWS OPINION', 'Doing so will help your student be confident they are being above board and know that they are in line with their professors’ guidelines for the coming semester.', 'Third, encourage your student to always cite ChatGPT or other chatbots. Just as they would credit an author or publication in their assignments and essays to avoid plagiarizing, it’s important they do the same for AI tools.', 'When citing ChatGPT or other AI, your student should save the transcript of their chat and include it with their project for the instructor’s or grader’s reference. They should also describe the prompts that generated the responses, as well as include the date they accessed the AI tool. Even if students are simply using AI tools to get inspiration and generate ideas, it’s important they still give credit to the resource they used.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Many professors use Turnitin or other services to detect plagiarism, and although it’s still fairly new technology, it is learning to detect AI usage. By crediting their AI sources, students will help ensure that they will not be penalized for plagiarism or for their usage of AI. It will also help them to practice staying accountable and responsible in how they use these new tools.', 'Remember that AI is a tool, similar to software like spellcheck or Grammarly. It can be used to help your student enhance their learning, improve their critical thinking and engage with course material in new ways. By encouraging them to follow their university’s guidelines and professor’s instruction, AI tools can enhance your student’s education while also allowing them to maintain academic integrity.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE DR. KENT INGLE']"
"['PactumAI co-founder and CEO Martin Rand explains how workers can use artificial intelligence to enhance their careers and positions.', ""‘EVOLUTION' OF 'TRADITION’: Harvard University will begin to incorporate the use of chatbots to teach its coding class this fall. Professor Malan states the hopes are to create a one-to-one ratio for teachers and students by providing software-based tools. Continue reading…"", ""DOOMSDAY CONTROL: An artificial intelligence system may have the ability to launch nukes on its own. U.S. lawmakers are proposing bipartisan legislation to keep America's nuclear arsenal under human control. Continue reading…"", 'Reps. Juan Ciscomani, R-Ariz., and Ted Lieu, D-Calif., proposed an amendment to the NDAA that would require human control over nuclear launch decisions. ', 'BIDEN\'S WOKE AI-DEOLOGY: A conservative watchdog group reports that the Biden administration is actively looking to push woke ideology using artificial intelligence. The White House\'s ""Blueprint for an AI Bill of Rights"" warns of ""algorithmic discrimination"" and calls for data to be reviewed for bias. Continue reading…', 'FEDERAL AI: House lawmakers are pushing federal agencies, like the Departments of Energy and Defense, to use artificial intelligence technology. The House Appropriations Committee released a number of spending bills encouraging AI use in the government from defense to office work. Continue reading…', 'AI QUALITY CONTROL: Artificial intelligence is being used to help companies and federal agencies detect and remove products made by Uyghur-forced labor in China. The technology is being used by Customs and Border Protection to track imports in an effort to reject goods sourced from Xinjiang that are made from forced labor. Continue reading…', 'AI FEARS: Melinda French Gates, Bill Gates\' former wife, is ""very nervous"" about artificial intelligence because she says there are not enough women who are computer scientists. ""We will bake bias into the system,"" French Gates warned in an interview. Continue reading…', '‘STOLEN’ DATA: A class-action complaint alleges that OpenAI and Microsoft are using ""stolen and misappropriated"" data to train their artificial intelligence technology. Ryan Clarkson, a managing partner of Clarkson Law Firm, stated that without data theft these companies ""would not be the multi-billion-dollar business they are today. Continue reading…', 'OpenAI with Microsoft Bing on mobile, seen in this photo illustration on March 15, 2023, in Brussels, Belgium.\xa0 (Photo illustration by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'CHATBOT THERAPY: Early dementia signs are being detected by CognoSpeak, an artificial intelligence tool, that analyzes speech patterns. The AI tool aims to work as a ""middle man"" between the general doctor and specialist. Continue reading…', '‘NOT IN MY LIFETIME’: Technology in sci-fi movies which once seemed out of this world is now becoming reality. AI-human relations in films like ""Her"" are already happening, but what about movies like ""I, Robot""? ""Not in my lifetime,"" says this NYU professor. Continue reading…', ""RISK FACTOR: Many experts worry that artificial intelligence could spell disaster for the human race, but what are some of the inherent risks of the novel technology? Some Chatbots, like ChatGPT, have spread political misinformation on topics like Hunter Biden's laptop scandal. Continue reading…\xa0"", 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up-to-date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"['FOX News contributor Mollie Hemingway and Rebelle Communications founder and CEO Laura Fink discuss the U.S. media reporting that Israel was responsible for killing 500 people in a Gaza hospital bombing on ‘MediaBuzz.’', 'JERUSALEM – Over the past two weeks, since Palestinian terrorist group Hamas carried out its deadly attack in southern Israel killing some 1,400 Israelis, there is a fear that\xa0a new front in the old\xa0war between Israelis and Palestinians could open up – in the digital realm.\xa0', 'While doctored images and fake news have long been part of the Middle East\xa0wartime arsenal, with\xa0the arrival less than a year ago of easy-to-use artificial intelligence (AI) generative tools it seems highly probable that deepfake visuals\xa0will soon be making an appearance on the war front too.\xa0', '""Hamas and other Palestinian factions have already passed off gruesome images from other conflicts as though they were Palestinian victims of Israeli assaults, so this is not something unique to this theater of operations,""\xa0David May, a research manager at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told Fox News Digital.\xa0', 'He described how in the past, Hamas has been known to\xa0intimidate journalists into not reporting about its use of human shields in the Palestinian enclave, as well as staging images of toddlers and teddy bears buried in the rubble.\xa0', 'FBI CHIEF WARNS THAT TERRORISTS CAN UNLEASH AI IN TERRIFYING NEW WAYS', 'Hamas killed at least 1,400 in a surprise terror attack that hit men, women, children and older civilians on Oct. 7. (Getty)', '""Hamas controls the narrative in the Gaza Strip,"" said May, who follows Hamas’ activities closely, adding that\xa0""AI-generated images will complicate an Israeli-Palestinian conflict already rife with disinformation.""', 'There have already been some\xa0reports of images reupped\xa0from different conflicts, and last week, a heartbreaking photograph of a crying baby crawling through the rubble in Gaza was revealed as an AI creation.\xa0', '""I call it upgraded fake news,"" Dr. Tal Pavel, founder\xa0and\xa0director of CyBureau, an Israeli-based institute for the study of\xa0cyber\xa0policy, told Fox News Digital. ""We already know the term fake news, which in most cases is visual or written content that is manipulated or placed in a false context. AI, or deepfake, is when we take those images and bring them to life in video clips.""', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'Pavel called the emergence of AI-generated deepfake visuals ""one of the biggest threats to democracy.""', ""A view shows smoke in the Gaza Strip as seen from Israel's border with the Gaza Strip, in southern Israel Oct. 18, 2023. (REUTERS/Amir Cohen)"", '""It is\xa0not only during wartime but also during other times because it\'s getting harder and harder to prove what is real or not,"" he said.\xa0', 'In day-to-day life, Pavel noted, cases of deepfake misinformation have already come to light. He cites its use by\xa0criminal gangs carrying out fraud with voice-altering technology or during election campaigns where videos and voice-overs are manipulated\xa0to change public perception.\xa0', 'In war, he added, it could be even more dangerous.', '""It\'s a virgin land and\xa0we are only in the first stages of implementation,"" said Pavel. ""Anyone, with pretty low resources, can use AI to create some amazing photos and images.""\xa0', 'The technique has already been used in Russia’s continuing war in Ukraine said\xa0Ivana Stradner, another\xa0research fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies who specializes in the Ukraine-Russia arena. \xa0', 'Last March, a fake and heavily manipulated video of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy appearing to urge his soldiers to lay down their arms and surrender to Russia was posted on social media and shared by\xa0Ukrainian news. Once it was discovered to be fake, the video was quickly taken down.\xa0', 'Smoke rises following Israeli strikes in Gaza on Tuesday. (Majdi Fathi/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', '""Deepfake videos can be very realistic and if they are well crafted, then they are difficult to detect,"" said Stradner, adding that voice cloning apps are readily available and real photos are easily stolen, changed and reused.\xa0', 'Inside Gaza, the arena is even more difficult to navigate.\xa0With almost no well-known credible journalists currently in the Strip –\xa0Hamas destroyed the main human passage into the Palestinian enclave during its Oct. 7 attack and the foreign press has not been able to enter – deciphering what is fact and what is fake is already a challenge, with easy to use AI platforms that could get much harder.\xa0', 'CHINA, US RACE TO UNLEASH KILLER AI ROBOT SOLDIERS AS MILITARY POWER HANGS IN BALANCE: EXPERTS', 'However, Dr. Yedid Hoshen, who has been researching deepfakes and detection methods, at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, said such techniques are not totally foolproof yet.\xa0', '""Creating images in itself is not hard, there are many techniques available out there and anyone reasonably savvy can generate images or videos but when we talk about deepfakes, we are talking about talking faces or face swapping,"" he said. ""These types of fake images are more difficult to create and for a conflict like this, they would have to be made in Hebrew or Arabic when most of the technology is still only in English.""', 'Israeli forces recaptured areas near the Gaza Strip that had been overrun in a Hamas mass-infiltration over the weekend. ', 'Additionally, said Hoshen, there are still tell-tale signs that set AI visuals apart from the real thing.\xa0', 'CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""It is still quite difficult to make the visuals in sync with the audio, which might not be detectable with the human eye but can be detected using automated techniques,"" he said, adding, ""small details like the hands, fingers or hair don’t always appear realistic.""', '""If the image looks leery then it might be fake,"" said Hoshen. ""There is still a lot that AI gets wrong.""', 'Ruth Marks Eglash is a\xa0veteran journalist based in Jerusalem, Israel. She reports and covers the Middle East and Europe. Originally from the U.K, she\xa0has also freelanced for numerous\xa0news outlets. Ruth can be followed on Twitter @reglash']"
"['Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel weighs in on how artificial intelligence can change the patient-doctor relationship on ‘America’s Newsroom.’', 'Researchers are proposing using artificial intelligence technology to help diagnose autism spectrum disorder.', 'In a recent article published in Scientific Reports, researchers from Brazil, France and Germany reportedly used magnetic resonance imaging to train a machine learning algorithm.\xa0', 'The work – in which the ""quantitative diagnostic method"" is proposed – was based on brain imaging data for 500 people, with more than 240 that had been diagnosed with autism.\xa0', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'Machine learning techniques were applied to the data.', '""We began developing our methodology by collecting functional magnetic resonance imaging [fMRI] and electroencephalogram [EEG] data,""\xa0Francisco Rodrigues, the last author of the article and a professor at the University of São Paulo’s Institute of Mathematics and Computer Science, explained in a statement.\xa0', ""AS AI SHOWS UP IN DOCTORS' OFFICES, MOST PATIENTS ARE GIVING PERMISSION AS EXPERTS ADVISE CAUTION"", 'São Paulo University on November 15, 2015, in São Paulo, Brazil. (Frédéric Soltan/Corbis via Getty Images)', '""We compared maps of people with and without ASD and found that diagnosis was possible using this methodology,"" he added.', 'The machine learning algorithm was fed with the maps, and the system was able to determine which brain alterations were associated with autism with above 95% mean accuracy.\xa0', 'While previous research proposes methods for diagnosing autism based on machine learning, the article notes it often uses a single statistical parameter that is not brain network organization.\xa0', 'Autism is a developmental disability caused by differences in the brain. (iStock)', ""CALIFORNIA MAN WITH SEVERE AUTISM BEATS RUBIK'S CUBE WORLD RECORD: 'EXUBERANCE IN OUR HEARTS'"", 'Analyzing the fMRI data showed changes in certain brain regions associated with cognitive, emotional, learning and memory processes, and the cortical networks of autism patients showed more segregation, less distribution of information and less connectivity compared to controls.', '""Until a few years ago, little was known about the alterations that lead to the symptoms of ASD. Now, however, brain alterations in ASD patients are known to be associated with certain behaviors, although anatomical research shows that the alterations are hard to see, making diagnosis of mild ASD much harder. Our study is an important step in the development of novel methodologies that can help us obtain a deeper understanding of this neurodivergence,"" Rodrigues said.', 'The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, on March 14, 2020. (Elijah Nouvelage/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'The methodology is under development and will take years to implement, according to the São Paulo Research Foundation, which supported the research.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'About one in 36 children has been identified with autism spectrum disorder, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.\xa0', 'Diagnosing the developmental disability can be difficult because there is no medical test, like a blood test, to do so.\xa0', 'Julia Musto is a reporter for Fox News and Fox Business Digital.\xa0']"
"['Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., discusses artificial intelligence and what Congress can do to promote innovation and stay competitive with China. ', ""Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., on Tuesday praised House Speaker Kevin McCarthy's new effort to educate Congress on artificial intelligence (AI), but predicted it may be some time until a substantial number of representatives become well-versed on the topic."", 'Speaking with Fox News Digital at the Milken Institute Global Conference, Issa admitted that while he may not know nearly enough to be considered an expert on AI, he has been growing alongside technological advances that have cropped up across his time in business, military and legislation.', '""I\'ve been able to grow with it and I\'m not really nearly where I need to be. And that\'s why Speaker McCarthy has formalized the education using MIT and other organizations to educate members of Congress. And he\'s holding forums he\'s not requiring, but he\'s encouraging in a very, very explicit way that we all get educated enough to be part of the solution and not be taken out of fear or lack of knowledge,"" Issa said.', 'CHINA USING TECH TO ‘OPPRESS ITS OWN PEOPLE,’ WARNS LAWMAKER LOOKING TO RESTRICT AI EXPORTS', 'Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., talks to reporters just after the Republican majority in the House narrowly passed a sweeping debt ceiling package as they try to push President Joe Biden into negotiations on federal spending, at the Capitol in Washington, Wednesday, April 26, 2023.\xa0 ((AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite))', 'Last week, lawmakers heard from MIT Professors Antonio Torralba and Aleksander Madry as part of a session McCarthy had set up. McCarthy also revealed that he had spoken with OpenAI CEO Sam Altman about possibly speaking with members in a similar setting.', '""You know, the speaker went through 15 rounds of votes to become the speaker just over 100 days ago,"" Issa added. ""So, the fact that this was something he had done before he was Speaker and these initiated practically on day one is a good start. But there\'s no question all the way Congress works. It will take a number of years to get our members to where more than a handful really understand where AI is going and, quite frankly, how it can hurt us.""', 'Issa, a former technology industry business leader, said that every committee of Congress, including Energy and Commerce and the Select Subcommittee on Weaponization of the Federal Government, needs to be wary of how AI could be used to suppress legitimate thought, promote disinformation as well as take and create copyright.', 'While all the above things are being looked at, Issa noted that Congress has a long history of being ""a little too far behind.""', ""ASHTON KUTCHER REVEALS WHY HE'S BETTING ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: 'A REALLY BEAUTIFUL THING'"", 'In February, Congressman Issa was named to the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. (Fox News Digital)', 'For example, Issa recalled how Congress had a standard that limited the AES encryption requirements for data in transit, a move that large tech corporations like Microsoft criticized. Several industries subsequently shipped their products overseas because of concerns around bad actors cracking and stealing their software. Issa noted that it took years for Congress to lift the ban championed by the CIA and FBI to raise it to a higher level of security.', ""AI's capability continues to be used daily in criminal activities. The U.S. government and its allies in NATO have expressed concern that cyber-attacks on national infrastructures and private companies have increased exponentially. With new tools, criminals are scaling up their data-gathering operations with AI to expand traditional attack vectors, such as spearfishing."", 'As such, Issa said that while data protection has always been a cat-and-mouse game, it is no longer sufficient for the government to hold yearlong listening sessions with industry leaders before coming out with cybersecurity proposals.', '""That can\'t happen,"" Issa said. ""We have to, in real-time, look at vendors like Amazon, like IBM and Microsoft and quite candidly like Oracle and say, what are you doing and how fast can we implement that? And most importantly, can we share information about successfully fighting false information and nefarious activities? Can we share among trusted players? Some of those trusted players are global companies. So, the reality is these are companies that also operate in the countries often where the bad guys are coming from.""', 'Issa also pointed out that Congress has had fifteen years to look into ""Big Data"" to understand that large databases could ingratiate with machine learning and rapidly evolve to create new opportunities, such as gaming the stock market.', ""REGULATION COULD ALLOW CHINA TO DOMINATE IN THE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RACE, EXPERTS WARN: 'WE WILL LOSE'"", 'The American and Chinese flags wave. \xa0Feb. 2, 2022.\xa0 (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)', '""What we have is the idea that the next generation of computers can, in fact, come up with the ideas of how you beat markets or do something, and Congress has to react quickly,"" Issa said. ""I think that an important thing to understand is this is a global problem and this is a problem to every company. If you\'re a very, very small user, all you do is go to McDonald\'s and buy a burger. But that software package that usually lets you go to the kiosk, it\'s made in China and it can potentially collect all that data all the way up to, you know, Elon Musk and the data that may be available for launching his most advanced rockets.""', ""According to a recent report published in the Harvard International Review, AI programs in authoritarian countries, especially China, are catching up to the models available within the U.S. tech industry. Furthermore, tech moguls, members of Congress and President Joe Biden's cabinet have continued to discuss the potential benefits and pitfalls of accelerating AI development to maintain a lead against the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)."", ""Considering the pros and cons of the US free market and China's closed society, Issa asserted that while America can innovate faster, China can keep secrets better. He also expressed concern that innovative American universities will remain a prime target for Chinese infiltration and data extraction."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""It\'s not that we\'re in competition with China, it\'s that we\'re in competition with China, and our competition is being stolen by China,"" Issa said. ""So, one of the first things we have to do is we have to work in new and better ways to make sure that our innovation belongs to, if you will, the free market. And their innovation has to compete with their own people and not use the backs and minds of ours.""', ""Fox News' Timothy Nerozzi contributed to this report.\xa0"", 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"['Kurt ‘The Cyberguy’ Knutson weighs in on the new artificial intelligence bot known as Chatgpt that could potentially allow students to cheat in school on ‘Fox & Friends Weekend.’\xa0', 'Chat GPT3, an artificial intelligence bot, outperformed some Ivy League students at the University of Pennsylvania\'s Wharton School of Business on a final exam. In a paper titled ""Would Chat GPT3 Get a Wharton MBA?"", Wharton Professor Christian Terwiesch revealed that the AI system would have earned either a B or B- on the graded final exam.\xa0', 'Wharton is widely regarded as one of the most elite business schools in the world. Its alumni include former President Trump, Robert S. Kapito, the founder and president of BlackRock, Howard Marks, the founder of Oaktree Capital, Elon Musk, billionaire founder of SpaceX and current chief executive officer of Twitter, and others.', '""OpenAI’s Chat GPT3 has shown a remarkable ability to automate some of the skills of highly compensated knowledge workers in general and specifically the knowledge workers in the jobs held by MBA graduates including analysts, managers, and consultants,"" Terwiesch wrote.', 'MORE US COMPANIES BRACE FOR JOB CUTS AMID LIKELY RECESSION, SURVEY SHOWS', 'A student leaves the Wharton School of Business on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S., September 25, 2017.\xa0 (REUTERS/Charles Mostoller)', 'In his paper, Terwiesch stated that the AI system ""does an amazing job at basic operations management and process analysis questions including those that are based on case studies.""', '""Not only are the answers correct, but the explanations are excellent,"" he continued.', 'Tewiesch did reveal, however, that the AI system made some basic math mistakes that were at a sixth grade level.', '""Chat GPT3 at times makes surprising mistakes in relatively simple calculations at the level of 6th grade Math. These mistakes can be massive in magnitude,"" he wrote.', 'GOLDMAN SACHS ANNOUNCES REDUCTION IN ASSET MANAGEMENT INVESTMENTS', 'ChatGPT3 outperformed some Wharton MBA students on a final exam in an operations course. (iStock)', 'He also noted that while the AI system did well with more fundamental operations questions, as the content got more complex the machine struggled to achieve high results.', 'The Wharton Professor noted that these revelations highlight unique challenges and opportunities that come with AI and will require schools to modify their academic policies and curriculums accordingly.\xa0', 'Some industry and tech leaders, such as Elon Musk, have issued strong warnings about the dangers AI pose to human prosperity. In 2017, Musk called for the government to impose more regulations on AI and said the technology is humanity\'s ""biggest risk"".', 'Tesla and SpaceX Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk speaks at the SATELLITE Conference and Exhibition in Washington, Monday, March 9, 2020. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""In recent years, economists, business leaders, and politicians have offered various projections about how evolving technology will impact the labor market and everyday life. Some view fast-paced advancements as a chance to increase productivity, while others view it as an unchecked threat to people's jobs."", 'Joe Silverstein is a production assistant for Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"['Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel weighs in on how artificial intelligence can change the patient-doctor relationship on ‘America’s Newsroom.’', 'Artificial Intelligence has an exciting future in health care, from streamlining insurance claims, to aiding radiologists, dermatologists, cardiologists and other specialties by enhancing data-based pattern recognition, from providing rapid information and improving efficiency in hospitals to a direct role in the doctor’s office in informing both doctors and patients.\xa0', 'Don’t get me wrong, I have great respect for clinical judgment, creative solutions, and the need to preserve patient privacy. My personal empathy cannot be replaced by a computer voice, no matter how soothing it is.\xa0And so AI must work as a kind of co-pilot in the doctor’s office.\xa0', 'There is one area where AI will be an important game changer that hasn’t received nearly enough attention, namely helping to counter shortages of essential medications while at the same time aiding in the development of new drugs and repurposing old ones.\xa0', 'Imagine if AI could help determine availability both in terms of ingredients and final product, as well as which pharmacy has it. (iStock)', 'Drug shortages are growing, and crucial antibiotics such as amoxicillin (though frequently overprescribed by physicians), remain extremely important. Crucial mental health drugs such as Adderall and Vyvanse and Concerta for ADHD also remain in short supply, which is especially problematic for our teens, many of whom are returning to in person school from restrictive pandemic policies with increasing amounts of anxiety, socialization problems, and learning delays.\xa0', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'This is not to say that ADHD drugs aren’t also overprescribed, but consider that, according to CDC, over 10% of children and teens ages 6 and up suffer from ADHD, and over 60% require medications. Shortages occur for many reasons, including narrow profit margins as disincentives, lack of sufficient active pharmaceutical ingredients coming from China and India, as well as increased demand.\xa0', 'But imagine if AI was employed by a tool to determine availability both in terms of ingredients, final product, as well as which pharmacy has it and which has the demand but no supply. An extensive use of AI if it decreases cost and improves efficiency on the drug delivery side could even add incentive to bringing drug manufacturing back to the U.S.', 'Even more exciting is the potential use of AI for drug development. Drug discovery, and the tried and true process of high throughput screening, where different chemicals are used to bombard different protein targets on diseased cells until one is found which works, could be and will be enhanced dramatically by machine learning, where AI can predict toxicity or even comes up with a slightly altered version of a molecule that works better than a previous one. The increased speed and cost savings will be enormous. It won’t replace the need for clinical trials, but it can augment them.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE FOX NEWS OPINION', 'One of the main reasons that we haven’t seen a new class of antibiotics developed since the late 1980s is that it is hard for a drug manufacturer to justify the billion dollar price tag of developing a new antibiotic when we humans only use it episodically, when we are sick. AI will change all that and make antibiotics easier and much cheaper to develop.', 'As antibiotics continue to be overused both in animal feed and by physicians mistreating upper respiratory viruses, more resistant bacteria will continue to emerge as they have a survival advantage. AI can help by tracking emerging patterns of resistance and incorporating them into a streamlined process of drug development.\xa0', 'AI as a solution for drug shortages, development and repurposing extends well beyond just antibiotics and ADHD drugs to cancer, obesity, and heart disease treatments and on to all drugs. Side effects, drug interactions, drug indications could all be monitored by AI, amassing a huge data base for doctors like me to use.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""I still remember the days of the Physicians' Desk Reference that I had to pore through, and the changeover to online sourcing, which was eventually embedded in my Electronic Health Records program, was a big improvement in health care.\xa0\xa0AI will take this process several exponential steps beyond EHR."", 'It won’t be long before the next cancer cure or treatment for Alzheimer’s comes from an advanced machine trying out different chemical formulas until the right one is found. Don’t worry, physician/scientists will still take the helm after that. We need to embrace this new reality, not resist it. I know I am already embracing it.', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM DR. MARC SIEGEL', 'Marc Siegel, M.D. is a professor of medicine and medical director of Doctor Radio at NYU Langone Medical Center. He is a Fox News medical analyst and author of ""COVID: The Politics of Fear and the Power of Science."" Follow him on Twitter @drmarcsiegel.']"
"['Fox News contributor Dr. Marc Siegel weighs in on how artificial intelligence can change the patient-doctor relationship on ‘America’s Newsroom.’', '\'HERE TO STAY\': The Air Force is training artificial intelligence to operate drones and other aircraft and act as wingmen to pilots in the future. Experimentation lead Matthew ""Rico"" Niemiec stated that the Air Force is working fast to determine the competitive edge for the modern warfighter. Continue reading…', 'NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT: Deepfakes are on the rise and the technology is advancing so quickly that it has become an issue of national security. The Pentagon awarded a contract to DeepMedia, a Silicon Valley-based startup, to use its deepfake detection technology ""to counter Russian and Chinese information warfare."" Continue reading…', 'The Pentagon building in Arlington, Virginia, on Friday, April 21, 2023. (Tom Brenner/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', ""‘PLAYING FOR KEEPS’: The very first classified briefing on artificial intelligence with senators and Pentagon officials took place Tuesday. The briefing went over how the US is using AI in it's national security efforts as well as what threats China poses. Continue reading…\xa0"", 'AI MAKEOVER: Republican presidential candidate Mayor Francis Suarez is using an audio and video clone of himself by using artificial intelligence to create a video version of himself. The digital double, called AI Francis Suarez, is being rolled out as a surrogate to the Miami Mayor and will answer questions and address audiences on the campaign trail. Continue reading…', ' (SOS America PAC)', 'BIG MONEY: Microsoft and KPMG are working together to expand on areas like cybersecurity, cloud computing and tax services. The move is expected to bring in around $12 billion, possibly more, over the next several years. Continue reading…', 'AI BABIES: An Isreal-based reproductive technology company is using AI to help expectant mothers choose an embryo for in-vitro fertilization. Each session costs $12,000 each and the process is not guaranteed. Continue reading…\xa0', 'HIGH-TECH FIREFIGHTER: California has suffered many wildfires, and is the state most threatened by them in the nation. Now, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection is partnering with University of California San Diego’s ALERTCalifornia to test a $24 million AI program that can monitor and detect potential fires 24/7. Continue reading…', 'CHEATBOTS: ChatGPT has exploded in popularity since its initial release; however, many students are using the chatbot as a way to cheat on assignments. Now more AI detection companies, such as Winston AI and Turnitin, are exposing the students work to detect if it is generated by humans or AI. Continue reading…', ""STAR FIGHTS BACK: Meta and OpenAI have allegedly used comedian Sarah Silverman and two novelists' copyrighted content in order to train their large language models. The plaintiffs allege that their content was used without their permission. Continue reading…"", '\'THE FINAL TRACK\': Paul McCartney stated last month that The Beatles would release a record with John Lennon\'s voice using AI. However, Ringo Starr clarified that the band would ""never"" fake Lennon\'s voice and that, ""It’s the final track you’ll ever hear with the four lads. And that’s a fact."" Continue reading…\xa0', 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"['UFO expert Nick Pope discuss the whistleblower claiming that the U.S. has alien crafts and remains on ‘Fox News @ Night.’', 'A Harvard professor of astronomy is predicting extraterrestrials will make contact with artificial intelligence before humans, due to aliens potentially feeling a ""kinship"" with human technology.', '""My expectation from interstellar travel is that it\'s best done with electronic gadgets and devices rather than with biological creatures because the journey takes a long time,"" Harvard professor Avi Loeb said in an upcoming documentary titled ""God Vs. Aliens.""', '""Even to the nearest star, it will take us 50,000 years to get there with chemical rockets. And artificial intelligence systems have that patience - and then they can remain dormant ... so that they survive the journey,"" he said.', 'Space agencies across the world, including NASA and the European Space Agency, have for years been using AI technology to chart galaxies and stars and even send robots to other planets.', ""AI: IT'S ALREADY '2001' IN SPACE EXPLORATION AS SCIENTISTS UNRAVEL MYSTERIES OF DEEP SPACE"", ""Avi Loeb, Frank B. Baird Jr. Professor of Science at Harvard University, speaks during the SALT conference in New York City Sept. 14, 2022. (REUTERS/David 'Dee' Delgado)"", 'Loeb said extraterrestrials would likely reach out to artificial intelligence before humans due to a likely ""kinship.""', '""If they visit us, of course, we can use our AI systems to interpret their AI systems. And, you know, they might feel a kinship to them,"" Loeb said.', 'NASA AI MODEL COULD HELP WORLD PREPARE FOR IMPACT OF SOLAR STORMS', 'Loeb is currently on an expedition in the Pacific Ocean searching for an object that crashed near Papua New Guinea back in 2014. Data shows the object originated outside the Earth’s solar system and was recognized by NASA as the first known interstellar meteor to hit Earth.', 'Loeb notes that the object is tougher than the 272 other meteors in NASA’s Center for Near Earth Object Studies and is working to determine if the object ""was a craft from an extraterrestrial civilization,"" according to Loeb’s journal blog of the expedition.\xa0', ""A NASA employee stands in an immersive exhibit in the Earth Information Center, at NASA headquarters in Washington, D.C., on June 21, 2023. NASA's Earth Information Center, which is part physical, part online, is an effort that blends science and visualizations to allow visitors to see how our planet is changing. (STEFANI REYNOLDS/AFP via Getty Images)"", 'The Harvard professor told Fox News Digital on Wednesday that he and his team already had ""breaking news"" from their research: They found a small, magnetic sphere composed mostly of iron, along with magnesium and titanium, but no nickel.', 'WEBB TELESCOPE CAPTURES WARPED SPACE, GALAXIES BILLIONS OF LIGHT-YEARS AWAY', 'Loeb explained that this composition is ""anomalous compared to human-made alloys, known asteroids and familiar astrophysical sources.""\xa0', '""The fundamental question is obvious: was this first recognized interstellar object from 2014 manufactured by a technological civilization? Upon our return, we could produce an alloy in the laboratory that has the same composition as we infer for the spherules and analyze the resulting material properties,"" Loeb wrote.\xa0', 'If Loeb and his team make an even bigger discovery on their mission, AI will play a monumental role.\xa0', '""If we discover a technological gadget at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, then AI will be needed to decipher its purpose and coded,"" Loeb said.\xa0', 'A meteor passing over the Milky Way on May 20, 2023, in Galgamuwa, Sri Lanka. (Thilina Kaluthotage/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'Loeb’s expedition is celebrated by U.K. musician and documentarian Mark Lee Christopher, who directed the upcoming ""God Vs. Aliens"" film.', ""NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SAYS JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE IS WINDOW TO UNIVERSE 'NEVER BEFORE ACHIEVED'"", '""I have a lifelong interest in the UFO and the paranormal, initially inspired by a TV show in the U.K. called ‘Arthur C. Clarke\'s Mysterious World,’"" Lee told Fox News Digital on Wednesday. ""I’m a qualified scientist myself like Arthur C. Clarke, who invented the communication satellite as well as writer of ‘2001: A Space Odyssey.’ I take that scientific approach to UFOs. This is why I love what Avi Loeb is doing.""', 'AI REVEALS ANCIENT SYMBOLS HIDDEN IN PERUVIAN DESERT FAMOUS FOR ALIEN THEORIES', 'Lee added that he wanted to address ""the serious issues"" of what would play out if extraterrestrials make contact with Earth, specifically if religions would be torn apart or if humanity would ""somehow reach a higher spiritual plane.""', '""I also think if proof is released that we have been visited then we may need to reinterpret the great religious texts like the Torah and the Bible,"" he argued.', '\xa0British musician and director Mark Christopher Lee. ', '""God Vs. Aliens"" is slated to be released on Amazon July 4 and features experts such as Loeb and former U.K. Ministry of Defence UFO chief Nick Pope.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Alien AI may reach out to our AI, which may be good in terms of helping us communicate better or they may bypass us biologically humans altogether,"" Lee said.\xa0\xa0', '""What is clear is that Ufology is now the domain of serious scientists and no longer the realm of conspiracy tinfoil hat folk,"" Lee concluded.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", ""An artificial intelligence system can't be registered as the inventor of a patent, Britain's Supreme Court ruled Wednesday in a decision that denies machines the same status as humans."", 'The U.K.\'s highest court concluded that ""an inventor must be a person"" to apply for patents under the current law.', ""The decision was the culmination of American technologist Stephen Thaler's long-running British legal battle to get his AI, dubbed DABUS, listed as the inventor of two patents."", 'UK LOOKS TO RESURRECT PLAN TO DEPORT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS TO RWANDA WITH BILL TO BYPASS HUMAN RIGHTS LAW', 'Thaler claims DABUS autonomously created a food and drink container and a light beacon and that he’s entitled to rights over its inventions. Tribunals in the U.S. and the European Union have rejected similar applications by Thaler.', ""A man enters the Supreme Court in London on Oct. 9, 2023. An artificial intelligence system can't be registered as the inventor of a patent, Britain's Supreme Court ruled on Dec. 20, 2023 in a decision denying machines the same status as humans. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, File)"", ""The U.K. Intellectual Property Office rejected Thaler's application in 2019, saying it's unable to officially register DABUS as the inventor because it’s not a person. After lower courts sided with the patent office, Thaler took his appeal to the Supreme Court, where a panel of judges unanimously dismissed the case."", 'The judges said DABUS is ""not a person, let alone a natural person and it did not devise any relevant invention.""', 'RISHI SUNAK GETS A RESPITE AFTER UK LAWMAKERS VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE RWANDA MIGRATION BILL', ""Legal experts said the case shows how Britain's laws haven't kept up with technology and that policies should be updated given the breathtaking recent developments made by artificial intelligence, underscored by generative AI systems like OpenAI's ChatGPT that can rapidly spew out new poems, songs and computer code."", '""As AI systems continue to advance in sophistication and capability, there is no denying their ability to generate new and non-obvious products and processes with minimal, or perhaps even without any, ongoing human input,"" said Nick White, a partner at law firm Charles Russell Speechlys.', '""Change may be on the horizon, but it will most likely come from the policymakers, rather than the judges,"" he said.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", ""A year after the most destructive wildfire in the state's history scorched nearly 1,100 homes, Colorado lawmakers are considering joining other Western states by adopting artificial intelligence in hopes of detecting blazes before they burn out of control."", 'A proposal that legislators will discuss in a hearing Thursday would create a $2 million pilot program to mount cameras on mountaintops in high-risk locations. An artificial intelligence program developed by a private company would analyze the images and sounds from cameras with 10-mile radiuses in hopes of detecting something that could signal the start of a blaze.', 'It is part of an ongoing effort by firefighters to use new technology to become smarter in how they prepare and better position their resources. Fire lookout towers once staffed by humans have largely been replaced with cameras in remote areas, many of them in high-definition and armed with artificial intelligence to discern a smoke plume from morning fog.', ""REPUBLICAN SENATOR UNVEILS BILLS TARGETING BIDEN'S CLIMATE AGENDA: 'ENERGY IS THE BACKBONE OF OUR ECONOMY'"", 'There are hundreds of such cameras scattered across California, Nevada and Oregon, and even casual viewers can remotely watch wildfires in real time.', 'A historic drought and recent heat waves tied to climate change have made wildfires harder to fight in the American West and scientists say warming weather will continue to make fires more frequent and destructive. Record-breaking storms that drenched California with more than 11 inches of rain in recent weeks and big snow dumps in other states have improved conditions in the short-term, but the drought persists across most of Nevada, California and Utah, and large areas of other Western states, according to a Tuesday report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.', 'A helicopter drops water on flames from the Alturas Fire on May 12, 2022.\xa0 (Jerilee Bennett/The Gazette via AP, File)', ""The goal with the Colorado program is for cameras and an AI algorithm to detect a plume of smoke and alert first responders who can stomp out the blaze before it grows, said Don Coram, a former Republican Colorado state senator who first backed the idea and encouraged this year's sponsor, Rep. Cleave Simpson, a Republican and rancher."", '""Once these fires get into cresting in the tree tops, it’s going to take a lot of resources, a lot of manpower, and a lot of good luck to knock them down,"" Coram said.', ""Thursday's hearing will include testimony from a AI wildfire detection company called Pano AI. The company began working with cities, including the ski resort town of Aspen, Colorado, and has expanded to cities and counties in six states. Their stations include two cameras mounted on a high vantage point, rotating at 360 degrees and connected to the company's AI software. Each station costs roughly $50,000 every year."", 'Arvind Satyam, the chief commercial officer at Pano AI, said that the artificial intelligence uses a dataset of over 300 million images that teaches it what is smoke from a fire and what isn’t.', 'NJ CONGRESSMAN DEMANDS INVESTIGATION INTO WHETHER OFFSHORE WIND PROJECTS ARE KILLING WHALES', 'Once a camera signals that there could be a fire, the photos and information are run through the company’s intelligence center for human vetting — the algorithm could’ve mistaken a tractor’s dust cloud or even geyser for a smoke plume — before it’s sent along to fire agencies, he said.', 'AI has gained notoriety for breaking into a number of fields — from creating propaganda and disinformation to writing essays or cover letters about whatever the user requests.', 'David Blankinship, senior technology advisor for the Western Fire Chiefs Association, said fire agencies have come to rely on this type of detection technology, especially in California where the programs have been put to wider use.', '""It loops around in a 360 all the time and searching for pixel changes that the human eye might not detect,"" said Blankinship, adding that ""anything you can do to take time out of the response to that fire saves lives.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Still, Blankinship noted that ""these cameras, even with AI, are only one component of the actual solution that is working.""', ""That solution includes civilians calling in fires, other equipment such as smoke sensors, aircrafts that gather detailed information by flying over the burns, and even satellites providing broader information on a burn's size, Blankinship said."", 'All those systems, including cameras fitted with AI, allow fire authorities to model a wildfire and consequently better make difficult decisions about where and when to evacuate, how many engines to dedicated to a certain fire, or if burns should be extinguished at all.', 'To Coram, who will be attending the hearing on Thursday, the bill ""just makes too much sense not to do.""', '""I look around at all the rooftops that I can see, and think, ‘My god, when this catches on fire, what are we going to do?’"" said Coram.']"
"[""Presidential campaigns are already using content generated by artificial intelligence. Some senators said they're concerned how the development will impact the 2024 election."", ""WASHINGTON – Artificial intelligence's ability to trick voters creates a significant threat for the 2024 elections, several senators told Fox News.\xa0"", '""On a scale of one to 10, I would put my fear at 10 so far as the potential abuses for impersonation, false visual images, deepfakes, voice cloning,"" Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat, told Fox News. ""Consumers deserve to know when the deepfakes and cloned voices occur.""', 'Sen. Richard Blumenthal told Fox News he believes deepfake videos will impact the 2024 elections. (Fox News Digital/Jon Michael Raasch)', 'Missouri Sen. Josh Hawley, who earlier this week released a set of ""guiding principles"" for future AI legislation, also rated his concern as a 10. AI already has the ability to create realistic deepfake videos, the Republican said, adding that he\'s ""very, very concerned by it.""', 'As AI applications proliferate across industries, the rapidly evolving technology has already proven to be a useful attack tool for some 2024 presidential campaigns. Lawmakers and analysts have also warned that AI could hurt political accountability and disrupt the upcoming elections.\xa0', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', '""The biggest concern I have with AI is the way that it\'s going to warp our political conversation,"" Sen. JD Vance told Fox News', '""There are certainly going to be some viral videos of either Donald Trump or Joe Biden, and it\'s going to change votes, but it\'s not going to be them,"" the Ohio Republican continued. ""It\'s going to be a complete figment of an AI creator\'s imagination.""', 'AI-powered deepfakes of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called for Ukrainian soldiers to lay down their weapons in March 2022. (Photo by OLIVIER DOULIERY/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Sen. Marsha Blackburn had similar worries.', '""They can use AI and insert people into situations where they were not,"" the Tennessee Republican said. ""This should concern all of us.""', '""It just shows that people are going to have to be very careful what they\'re seeing online, what is circulating online, what they\'re hearing, and then what they choose to believe,"" Blackburn continued.\xa0', ""AI VOICE-CLONING SCAMS ARE ON THE RISE, HERE'S HOW YOU CAN PROTECT YOURSELF"", 'Whichever politician campaign can best employ AI will have an edge in the 2024 election, a political fundraiser wrote recently on Fox News. Internationally, China has already used AI to circulate propaganda, which, according to Sen. Pete Ricketts, indicates Beijing could influence the upcoming election.', 'The campaigns for former President Donald Trump and Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis have both used AI-generated content. (Getty Images\xa0)', ""Sen. Cynthia Lummis, however, thinks AI's rapid growth makes it difficult to precisely predict how the technology will impact the vote."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""If there are companies that seem to be cropping up with uses of AI that could disturb the integrity of the election, we need to be in a position to either access the courts to get temporary restraining orders or to use litigation to help us understand the extent of AI\'s capabilities,"" the Wyoming Republican told Fox News.\xa0', '""We\'re going to have to monitor it carefully and be very familiar with its uses and its misuses,"" Lummis said.', 'To watch the full interviews with senators, click here.']"
"['AI expert Marva Bailer tells Fox News Digital how the open availability of artificial intelligence can have negative impacts and talks potential federal legislation to control it.', 'Rep. Dean Phillips, D-Minn., pledged to be the ""first AI president"" in a campaign speech in New Hampshire on Thursday.', 'Phillips was campaigning alongside former 2020 presidential candidate Andrew Yang ahead of the Granite State’s first-in-the-nation primary on Jan. 23.\xa0', 'The moderate Minnesotan is a long shot to lead the Democratic presidential ticket, but his choice to emphasize artificial intelligence (AI) is a way to further separate himself from President Biden, his 81-year-old opponent.', '""Men in their 80s, frankly, even good men and women, are not in a position to anticipate and prepare us for the future,"" Phillips said, taking an indirect shot at Biden.\xa0', 'JAMIE DIMON WEIGHS IN ON AI, SAYS ONLY ‘GOD KNOWS’ WHAT THE TECH WILL DO FOR HUMANITY', 'Rep. Dean Phillips is seen outside the House Democratic Caucus leadership election in Longworth Building on Nov. 30, 2022. (Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images)', '""We had 100 years to prepare for climate change. We knew 100 years ago what would happen by burning fossil fuels, and what did we do? Nothing.""', 'He continued, ""AI, my friends, we don\'t have 100 years. We have months, if not just a couple of years at the most. I anticipated and am prepared for it, and I will be our first AI president.""', 'The long-shot candidate pledged to put together an AI ""task force"" to study its applications and outcomes.', 'REPUTATION RISKS POSED BY AI LOOM FOR COMPANIES AS ELECTION YEAR HEATS UP, EXPERT WARNS', 'President Biden signed an executive order establishing AI guardrails. (Al Drago/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'Phillips said AI would make the federal government ""more effective and efficient"" and would ""generate health outcomes that will transcend anything we could dream about right now.""', 'Citing its risks, however, he added, ""It\'s going to disenfranchise this economy, it\'s going to be disruptive in ways that we can actually anticipate.""', 'IMF WARNS AI WILL IMPACT 60% OF US JOBS, INCREASE INEQUALITY WORLDWIDE', '""I\'m going to put together a task force of the best and brightest to anticipate what\'s coming and make recommendations, as we do here, to employ better practices, to put guardrails on the nefarious use of AI. But most importantly, let\'s talk about the blessings of AI,"" Phillips said.', 'President Biden has met with tech giants like OpenAI CEO Sam Altman. (Senate Judiciary\xa0)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Biden signed an executive order in late October establishing guardrails for AI development and use, including requiring developers of the rapidly-emerging tech to share safety test results and other details with the U.S. government.', 'He’s also held meetings with the heads of Microsoft, OpenAI and other tech giants to discuss responsible AI development.', 'Elizabeth Elkind is a politics reporter for Fox News Digital leading coverage of the House of Representatives. Previous digital bylines seen at Daily Mail and CBS News.', 'Follow on Twitter at @liz_elkind and send tips to elizabeth.elkind@fox.com']"
"[""Fox News senior foreign affairs correspondent Greg Palkot reports from Ukraine, where there were 'dueling drones' overnight with Russia."", 'Ukraine has developed and implemented its own artificial intelligence (AI) platforms under the most stringent conditions to create something beyond what Western militaries have considered possible.\xa0', '""The Ukrainians are doing a ton of stuff,"" Brett Velicovich, a Fox News contributor embedded in Ukraine, told Fox News Digital. ""I mean, this innovation on the battlefield is out of this world right now. And, honestly, the U.S. government, Western governments, have no idea the innovation that\'s taking place.', '""They can\'t keep up with it,"" he added. ""The Ukrainians are moving too fast.""', 'AI has quietly played a significant role in how Ukraine has managed to perform so well against a larger and seemingly stronger opponent in Russia, providing the smaller nation a wide range of advantages it might not otherwise have.\xa0', ""UKRAINE, RUSSIA ACCUSE EACH OTHER OF PLANNING IMMINENT ATTACK AGAINST EUROPE'S LARGEST NUCLEAR PLANT"", 'A UJ-22 Airborne (UkrJet) reconnaissance drone readies to land during a test flight in the Kyiv region Aug. 2, 2022. (Sergei Supinsky/AFP via Getty Images)', 'National Defense magazine called the Ukraine war an ""unprecedented testing ground for AI,"" with the ""now-ubiquitous employment of drones and loitering munitions by both sides"" and ""AI-enhanced autonomous capabilities in flight, targeting and firing.""\xa0', 'George Dubynskiy, deputy minister of digital transformation in Ukraine, told Fox News Digital part of the key is the fact the country decided to create its own AI platform, which allowed engineers to tailor it to a specific use.\xa0', 'UN SECURITY COUNCIL HOLDS FIRST-EVER MEETING ON AI AS CONCERNS ABOUT RISK TO PEACE GROW', 'The ministry looked at ten AI platforms before deciding it would benefit more from an original one, which it started sometime around mid-year 2022 and deployed by the end of the year. Though Dubynskiy made clear the ministry is constantly working to improve and further develop it. The original platform also allowed Ukraine to use what data it needed without overstepping and sending the wrong kind of information to a commercial company.\xa0', 'Ukrainian servicemen fire with a D-30 howitzer at Russian positions near Bakhmut, eastern Ukraine, March 21, 2023, amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine. (Sergey Shestak/AFP via Getty Images)', 'A Ukrainian engineer expert who referred to himself as ""Max"" and spoke alongside Dubynskiy discussed the immense network of closed-circuit television cameras and other monitoring infrastructure in the country that enabled the military to use computer vision extensively.\xa0', 'AI coverage has mainly focused on large language models and generative AI platforms such as Google’s Bard and OpenAI’s ChatGPT, but computer vision, which focuses on the interpretation and analysis of visual data through an AI platform, has shown great benefits to a wide range of industries and tasks.', 'Conservationists have used computer vision technology to track poachers and protect endangered species, while automated vehicle makers have looked at improving the technology to improve the performance of their trucks, cars and, one day, cargo ships, among other tasks.\xa0', 'Mykhailo Fedorov, deputy prime minister, minister of digital transformation of Ukraine, left, and Dmytro Zavhorodnii, director of the digital transformation directorate of the ministry of education and science of Ukraine, hold a presentation about Wi-Fi in a nationwide initiative aimed at providing kindergartens, schools, colleges and universities with high-speed Internet access in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine.\xa0 (Volodymyr Tarasov/Ukrinform/Future Publishing via Getty Images)', 'For Ukraine, it has helped the military track down men suspected of war crimes during Russia’s invasion and troop movements, thanks to the extensive use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and drones. With the footage captured, the AI can identify and categorize individual elements for users.\xa0', '""The screenshots from Google Maps, from resistance forces in the occupied territories and the amount of messages was really too huge,"" Max explained. ""We decided we need to automate this.', 'AMERICAN COMPANIES KEEP DISTANCE FROM CHINA AI CONFERENCE', '""We use now name and recognition and object character recognition (OCR),"" he added. ""We selected the GPS coordinates, location, date … we have a lot of data from different sources. Once they’ve started to attack Ukraine, we understood the best method to identify actually those Shahed drones and other general recognition.""\xa0', 'The technology helped Ukrainian troops distinguish between Iranian-made Shahed 136 drones, known as the kamikaze drone, and standard missiles. The AI also helped improve the targeting and efficacy of guided-laser bombs.', 'Remains of a Shahed 136 at an exhibition showing remains of missiles and drones that Russia used to attack Kyiv May 12, 2023, in Kyiv. (Oleksii Samsonov/Global Images Ukraine via Getty Images)', 'The most impressive feat that Ukraine accomplished through its AI development was the fact that the engineers did all of this on a fraction of the budget that American companies have used.\xa0', '""They’re doing it for hundreds of dollars … they’re doing these things in their garage,"" Velicovich claimed. ""They’ve got all these little — we call them gremlin garages — where it’s … they’re so technologically savvy.', 'RUSSIAN MISSILE STRIKE KILLS 4 CIVILIANS IN LVIV AS ZELENSKYY VOWS RESPONSE', '""They know what they need immediately because they’re getting feedback and just building out all these kits, ripping out the cameras on the iPhones and attaching them to what’s called Raspberry Pie devices, which can create a designated targeting system.""', 'Those factories developed through the help of some 250,000 participants of an ""IT army"" Ukraine pulled together when the war started, recruiting people who claimed to have some skills and were willing to help develop the technology and repair the equipment needed to wage the war and defend their homeland.\xa0', 'The Army of Drones announces the second stage of the UAV pilot training as 10,000 military personnel will learn how to fly the drones and will join the Defense Forces with new skills.\xa0 (Volodymyr Tarasov/Ukrinform/Future Publishing via Getty Images)', 'Dubynskiy and Max described it as a need to learn ""very, very fast"" because you are ""basically under the shelling"" all the time.\xa0', '""Ukrainian engineers are actually under attack, and they do their best to win this war, and it’s not the same … if we talk about Russian engineers. I think they try to avoid being connected to this war,"" Max said. ""Only now we see in Russian Telegram channels that they are collecting the data.""\xa0', 'When asked if Ukraine was in any way accessing Russian data sets to help train its platforms and improve capabilities, the deputy minister and Max merely said, ""Let’s say we are doing our job successfully.""\xa0', 'Ukraine remains in constant communication with ""big companies and projects,"" but the deputy minister could not say which ones, only that they spoke with companies from the European Union and India to develop ""particular"" elements for their systems. But ""it’s not that level of cooperation.""\xa0', 'Ukrainian soldiers fire a cannon near Bakhmut, an eastern city where fierce battles against Russian forces have been taking place, in the Donetsk region, Ukraine, May 15, 2023.\xa0 (AP Photo/Libkos, File)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""We can exchange some general information, some views. … We appreciate the help of big tech companies and some, you know, elements of the open code solution, which we can use, but it’s still not joint,"" Dubynskiy said, adding that Ukraine welcomed collaboration, particularly the inclusion of data for use in the platforms.\xa0', '""Together with all of our partners, we can be more efficient, not only for our self-protection but also for the protection of the West.""\xa0', 'Peter Aitken is a Fox News Digital reporter with a focus on national and global news.\xa0']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", ""A year after the most destructive wildfire in the state's history scorched nearly 1,100 homes, Colorado lawmakers are considering joining other Western states by adopting artificial intelligence in the hopes of detecting blazes before they burn out of control."", 'A Colorado Senate committee on Thursday unanimously voted to move forward a bill to create a $2 million pilot program that would station cameras on mountaintops, and use artificial intelligence to monitor the footage and help detect early signs of a wildfire. The bill will move to the state Senate Appropriations Committee next.', '""It can detect just a wisp of smoke and it’s that type of situation in remote areas that could save forests and homes and properties and lives,"" Democratic state Sen. Joann Ginal, one of the bill\'s sponsors, said in the hearing.', 'CO LAWMAKERS LOOK INTO ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO IDENTIFY WILDFIRES EARLY', 'The deployment of AI is part of an ongoing effort by firefighters to use new technology to become smarter about how they prepare and better position their resources. Fire lookout towers once staffed by humans have largely been replaced by cameras in remote areas, many of them in high-definition and armed with artificial intelligence to discern a smoke plume from morning fog.', 'There are hundreds of such cameras scattered across California, Nevada, Oregon and a handful already in Colorado that allow even casual viewers to remotely watch.', 'Vaughn Jones, who heads wildland fire management for Colorado’s fire prevention agency, said the technology ""allows us to take very aggressive early action and keep the impact down... not waiting until the end of the day to start playing catch-up.""', 'A historic drought and recent heat waves tied to climate change have made wildfires harder to fight in the American West and scientists say warming weather will continue to make fires more frequent and destructive.', 'Flames rise from mountain ridges as a wildfire burns near a farmstead on Oct. 22, 2020, near Granby, Colorado. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File)', 'Record-breaking storms that drenched California with more than 11 inches of rain in recent weeks and big snow dumps in other states have improved conditions in the short-term, but the drought persists across many western states, according to a Tuesday report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.', ""The Colorado program would support 40 fixed camera stations and six more mobile stations that can be moved to monitor ongoing fires, Ben Miller, the director at the Center of Excellence, which researches technology for firefighting, said at Thursday's hearing."", 'The AI algorithm behind the camera would try to detect a plume of smoke and alert first responders early, said Miller, who pointed to a structure fire caught by AI technology near the city of Boulder in December as an example.', 'Boulder County had partnered with an AI wildfire detection company called Pano AI, and the software had alerted authorities of the fire around the time the first 911 call arrived, Miller said. One home was destroyed and another damaged before the fire was contained — a far better outcome than a year before when the Marshal Fire, also near Boulder, burned over 1,000 structures.', ""REPUBLICAN SENATOR UNVEILS BILLS TARGETING BIDEN'S CLIMATE AGENDA: 'ENERGY IS THE BACKBONE OF OUR ECONOMY'"", '""The more you train the model, the better and better it gets,"" said Miller, who added that his agency is very interested in the technology but that it\'s still burgeoning and that a pilot program is a good place to start.', 'Pano AI began working with cities, including the ski resort town of Aspen, Colorado, and has expanded to cities, counties and even Pacific Gas & Electric in six states. Kathryn Williams, Pano AI’s director of government development who testified at the hearing, said ""AI machine learning is new, it’s exciting, it’s glamorous but it isn’t perfect,"" adding that the company uses employees to vet alerts from the AI.', ""Their stations include two cameras mounted on a high vantage point, rotating at 360 degrees with 10-mile radiuses and connected to the company's AI software. Each station costs roughly $50,000 every year. It's unknown whether the company would be hired for the pilot if the bill passes."", 'Arvind Satyam, the chief commercial officer at Pano AI, said in an interview that the artificial intelligence uses a data set of over 300 million images that teaches it what is smoke billowing up from a fire and what isn’t.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""Once a camera signals that there could be a fire, the photos and information are run through the company’s intelligence center for human vetting — the algorithm could’ve mistaken a tractor’s dust cloud for smoke — before it’s sent along to fire agencies, he said. Satyam added that the benefits go beyond detection, allowing fire agencies to pinpoint a blaze's location and monitor a live feed of the burn."", 'AI has gained notoriety for breaking into a number of fields — from creating propaganda and disinformation to writing essays or cover letters about whatever the user requests.', 'David Blankinship, senior technology advisor for the Western Fire Chiefs Association, said in an interview that fire agencies have come to rely on this type of detection technology, especially in California where the programs have been put to wider use.', 'Still, Blankinship noted that ""these cameras, even with AI, are only one component of the actual solution that is working.""', 'When a vote was called to send the bill forward, committee member Republican state Sen. Rod Pelton was enthusiastic.', '""I do not want to be the bucket of water on this bill so I will be a fiery, ‘Yes\',"" he said.']"
"[""Fox News contributor Douglas Murray joined 'Fox & Friends' to discuss why Musk and other experts are calling for a halt to artificial intelligence systems for six months.\xa0"", 'In an open letter, tech experts and leaders in the industry called for a six-month pause on AI experiments, a move that Fox News contributor Douglas Murray believes shows a ""deep concern"" that is growing about the risks of artificial intelligence.', 'The letter, which was signed by Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, reads, in part: ""AI systems with human-competitive intelligence can pose profound risks to society … and should be planned for and managed with commensurate care. … Unfortunately, this level of planning and management is not happening.""', 'Murray said on ""Fox & Friends"" Wednesday that the request for a moratorium is extraordinary and is a sign that experts are worried.', ""I INTERVIEWED CHATGPT AS IF IT WAS A HUMAN; HERE'S WHAT IT HAD TO SAY THAT GAVE ME CHILLS"", '""The fact that there has now been this stressing that we could be in trouble. This is unprecedented,"" Murray told host Brian Kilmeade.', 'He explained that concerns are stemming from the idea that the artificial intelligence technology is able to operate at a higher level than human intelligence. For example, Murray said ChatGPT is producing work that other technologies cannot detect as computer-generated.', '""So we are already in a state where the technology is running faster than teachers in America can run,"" he said.', 'Tesla and SpaceX Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk speaks at the SATELLITE Conference and Exhibition in Washington, Monday, March 9, 2020. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)', 'Tristan Harris, co-founder of the Center for Humane Technology, said on ""The Brian Kilmeade Show"" that the world is witnessing the birth of a new age.', '""I know that might sound like an extreme statement to make, but I really do think of it like the birth of the nuclear age,"" Harris said.', 'AI EXPERTS WEIGH DANGERS, BENEFITS OF CHATGPT ON HUMANS, JOBS AND INFORMATION: ‘DYSTOPIAN WORLD’', 'The OpenAI website ChatGPT about page on laptop computer arranged in the Brooklyn borough of New York, US, on Thursday, Jan. 12, 2023. \xa0Gabby Jones/Bloomberg via Getty Images (Gabby Jones/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'The GPT technology, Harris explained, has the ability to identify vulnerabilities in cybersecurity on command or seamlessly replicate a person’s voice using only three seconds of real audio.\xa0', '""Our democracy, our society runs on language,"" he said. ""Code is language, law is language, contracts are language, media is language. When I can synthesize anyone saying anything else and then flood a democracy with untruths, … this is going to exponentiate a lot of the things that we saw with social media.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""If you let a machine that runs on viral information, your society can sort of spin out into untruths really, really fast,"" Harris said.', 'Murray compared the new artificial intelligence technology to the printing press, which revolutionized life in the Middle Ages.', '""We don\'t know what the consequences of this are going to be,"" Murray said of AI development. ""And we are currently living through an era where it\'s printing press after printing press is being discovered underneath us.""']"
"['FOX News’ Eben Brown reports on artificial intelligence becoming more common for students, both in and out of the classroom.', 'The rapid development of artificial intelligence has led some to fear dangerous scenarios where the technology is smarter than the humans who created it, but some experts believe AI has already reached that point in certain ways.', '""If you define it as performing intellectual but repetitive and bounded problems, they already are smarter. The best chess players and GO players are machines. And soon we can train them to do all tasks like that. Examples include legal analysis, simple writing and creating pictures on demand,"" Phil Siegel, the founder of the Center for Advanced Preparedness and Threat Response Simulation, told Fox News Digital.', ""Siegel's comments come after a new survey of nearly 2,000 AI experts found that opinions differed as to when the technology would be able to outsmart humans. To narrow down just how smart AI could be, respondents were given a list of human tasks ranging from writing a high school history essay to full automation of all human labor and tasked with predicting when AI might be up to the task."", 'IMF WARNS AI WILL IMPACT 60% OF US JOBS, INCREASE INEQUALITY WORLDWIDE', ""A robot from the Artificial Intelligence and Intelligent Systems laboratory of Italy's National Interuniversity Consortium for Computer Science is displayed at the 7th edition of the Maker Faire. (Andreas Solaro/AFP via Getty Images)"", 'For some tasks such as the high school history paper, the experts said the technology will already be capable of the feat within the next two years. But being able to replace all human labor is more distant, the survey found, with the majority of experts predicting that such a feat will not be achievable for AI this century.', '""They can write short stories now, but they need lots more information about human nature to write a bestseller. They can write a movie, but maybe not a hit movie. They can write a scientific paper but can’t execute all the instructions to perform a complex atomic level experiment at a supercollider,"" Siegel said of current AI platforms.', '""Maybe someday they can do those things as well, but we need lots of data to train them to do things like that well. Then there is maybe another level — training them to read human nature on the fly to do complex decision-making like running a company or a university. The level of training for humans is so complex and not well understood for those tasks that it could take a very, very long time and huge computation for them to be superior at those tasks.""', '""It’s not a question of if AI will outsmart us but when. We simply cannot compete with the raw processing power.""', 'Samuel Mangold-Lenett, a staff editor at The Federalist, shares a similar sentiment, noting that some AI platforms can already carry out tasks that would be impossible for humans.', '""AI is a relatively young field and products like ChatGPT can already do complex tasks and solve problems in a matter of seconds that would take humans months of complex thought and lifetimes of practice. So, in some ways, it already has outsmarted us,"" Mangold-Lenett told Fox News Digital. ""Artificial general intelligence (AGI) is something else that needs to be considered. Theoretically, AGI can surpass all the intellectual capabilities of man and can perform every economically important task. It may be better to ask whether AI is capable of attaining sentience and what this means for humanity.""', 'Some experts believe a world in which AI can outsmart its human creators is inevitable, opening up debate about how such technology will change society.', 'Team Tartan Rescues CHIMP (CMU Highly Intelligent Mobile Platform) robot uses a hand-held power tool during the cutting task of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Robotics Challenge at the Fairplex on June 6, 2015, in Pomona, California. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND US NUCLEAR WEAPONS DECISIONS: HOW BIG A ROLE?', '""It’s not a question of if AI will outsmart us but when. We simply cannot compete with the raw processing power,"" Jon Schweppe, the policy director of the American Principles Project, told Fox News Digital. ""This is the appeal and the value [added] of AI — the ability for a computer to process data and produce output in a much more rapid and efficient way than if humans were doing the work. But this will obviously have incredible effects on society — some good and some bad — so it will be important for our lawmakers to guide the tech companies and help them to chart a responsible path forward.""', 'Some of those developments could be dangerous, warned Pioneer Development Group chief analytics officer Christopher Alexander, especially if the technology falls into the hands of less responsible actors.', '""Our growing obsession with hypothetical Skynet situations has been derailing the serious policy conversations we need to have now about developing and deploying Al responsibly.""', '""U.S. autonomous weapons systems, by policy design, are not allowed to kill human beings without a human approving, but consider this very plausible scenario:\xa0A defense contractor develops an AI that can control autonomous vehicles. The project is canceled, and the AI is incredibly effective but has some flaws. The Chinese, who have already stolen trillions of dollars of U.S. intellectual property over the past decade, steal the AI. The Chinese use the flawed AI in an autonomous drone and it runs [amok], killing innocent people and damaging property for two hours,"" Alexander told Fox News Digital. ""This won\'t end the world, but it is certainly possible.""', 'But Jake Denton, a research associate at the Heritage Foundation’s Tech Policy Center, told Fox News Digital some of the more extreme predictions about the dangers of AI have been exaggerated.', 'Robots play soccer in a demonstration of artificial intelligence at the stand of the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence. (Sean Gallup/Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""At this stage, the fear of superintelligent Al bringing about some form of techno-dystopia feels misplaced. These sci-fi doomsday scenarios have become a major distraction from the real and pressing issues we face with Al policy today,"" Denton said. ""Our growing obsession with hypothetical Skynet situations has been derailing the serious policy conversations we need to have now about developing and deploying Al responsibly.""', 'Denton listed several ways AI can be developed responsibly, including transparency standards, open sourcing foundational models and policy safeguards.', '""AI progress does not have to be catastrophic or dystopian. In fact, these technologies can greatly empower and enhance human productivity and performance across industries. Al does not necessarily have to replace human workers but can rather amplify their capabilities,"" Denton said. ""The path forward we should strive for is not Al displacing labor but rather augmenting it. We have an opportunity to uplift humanity through optimizing the interplay between human strengths and Al capabilities.""']"
"['Former litigator Jacqueline Schafer, CEO and founder of Clearbrief, said AI is frequently used in courtrooms, and she created Clearbrief to fact-check citations and court documents created by generative AI', 'An organization dedicated to the safe development of artificial intelligence released a ""breakthrough paper"" it said will help humans better control the technology as it spreads.', '""We can’t trust AIs if we don’t know what they are thinking or how they work on the inside,"" Dan Hendrycks, director of the Center for AI Safety, told Fox News Digital.', 'Hendrycks made the comments after the Center for AI Safety (CAIS) released a paper this week diving into the inner workings of the mind of AI systems, looking for ways that humans could better understand and control and understand AI technologies and mitigate some of the risks they pose.', ""META MAY BE USING YOUR FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM TO 'FEED THE BEAST' OF NEW TECH"", 'An artificial intelligence illustration from March 31, 2023.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo)', 'According to the CAIS, the paper demonstrated ways humans can control and detect when AI systems are telling truths or lies, when they behave morally or immorally, whether they act with emotions such as anger, fear and joy, and how to make them less biased. The paper also looked at ways to develop systems that can resist jailbreaks, a practice where users can exploit vulnerabilities in AI systems and potentially use them outside desired protocols.\xa0', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', '""Our research develops ways to read the inner thoughts of AIs, allowing us to detect when they are lying or malfunctioning in various ways,"" Hendrycks said, noting current AI systems are ""capable of deception and will lie or try to trick humans if given a reason to.""', 'A man uses the OpenAI ChatGPT artificial intelligence chat website in this illustration photo July 18, 2023.\xa0 (Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', '""We show examples of this in our paper, and we develop tools for monitoring and controlling the internal activity of AIs to prevent this from happening,"" Hendrycks said.', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE US NEWS', 'CAIS notes that modern AI systems have been notoriously difficult for humans to understand, which also makes it hard for users to understand AI decision-making. Those concerns have also been shared by Congress, with Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y. calling AI explainability ""one of the most important and most difficult technical issues in all of AI"" in remarks at the Center for Strategic & International Studies earlier this year.', 'Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)', 'Hendrycks echoed those concerns, arguing an important aspect of the continued development of AI was to make sure humans have the tools to control the technology.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""We’re forming a sort of ‘internal surveillance’ for AI systems, ensuring they aren’t trying to trick us,"" Hendrycks said. ""Deception in AI is a real concern, and our research is a key step towards providing tools to prevent these risks.""']"
"['Neurosurgeon Dr. Paul Saphier on the warning signs to look for.', 'I am a neurosurgeon who specializes in the treatment of acute strokes, brain bleeds, and tumors.\xa0 Every second counts for my patients, and I am determined to help as many as I can.', 'This Thanksgiving dinner, I left my family to operate on a patient with a life-threatening stroke. This is what you need to know about strokes and how artificial intelligence is helping surgeons like me save even more patients.', 'Stroke is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide and has remained a formidable challenge in the realm of health care.\xa0', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'Not only does stroke rob us of our loved ones and shatter families, the impact of stroke from a socioeconomic perspective is also staggering. The CDC estimates that between 2018 and 2019, the economic burden of stroke in the U.S. rose to approximately $56.5 billion.\xa0', 'I have witnessed many advances in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with stroke with glacial progress over the years. However, with the advent of artificial intelligence (AI), we have a new powerful ally.\xa0\xa0', 'Medical illustration of a brain with stroke symptoms. (iStock)', 'Many of the\xa0AI\xa0tools physicians employ have drastically improved the fight against stroke, yet there is no substitute for the human element.', '""Time is brain"" is the rallying cry for health care teams treating stroke victims. It is not coincidence that we use the acronym FAST, which stands for\xa0Face drooping, Arm/leg weakness, Speech difficulty, and Time\xa0to remind people of the signs of a stroke and to seek immediate medical assistance.\xa0', 'When I received the emergency stroke call this\xa0Thanksgiving, I sprang into action and left my home in a flurry, passing the baton of turkey carving to my eldest son. Why the urgency? Because early intervention is crucial for patient outcomes.\xa0', 'While\xa0Thanksgiving\xa0dinner is my favorite family tradition, this patient needed help fast. Within minutes, the team and I brought the patient to the operating room to restore blood flow to his brain.\xa0His symptoms began to improve immediately.', 'TALK THERAPY? AI MAY DETECT ‘EARLIEST SYMPTOMS’ OF DEMENTIA BY ANALYZING SPEECH PATTERNS', 'By coupling what we have already learned and developed,\xa0AI\xa0algorithms have demonstrated remarkable capabilities in expediting successful treatment.\xa0AI\xa0can analyze brain scans, such as computed tomography (CT) to not only detect the presence of a stroke but also classify its type.\xa0', 'The ability to make such critical differentiations helps guide physicians and nurses to select the most appropriate course of action, whether it be administering clot-busting medications, performing a lifesaving intervention by retrieving the blood clot out of vessels, or preparing for open brain surgery.', '""Time is brain"" is the rallying cry for health care teams treating stroke victims. (Joy Addison/Fox News)', 'Moreover,\xa0AI\xa0assists in predicting the response to these specific interventions. This level of precision marks a significant departure from the one-size-fits-all approach, heralding a new era in stroke care where treatments are as unique as the patients themselves. This means, unfortunately, there are times I need to discuss with families that despite all our current neurosurgical advances, there are no effective interventions to be offered.', 'AI BABIES: NEW TECHNOLOGY IS HELPING FERTILITY DOCS CHOOSE THE BEST EMBRYOS FOR IVF', 'While there is no question that\xa0AI\xa0has propelled effective treatment for patients with stroke, there are certainly some limitations.\xa0It is not uncommon that given constraints of medical imaging, the\xa0AI\xa0algorithm may interpret the data incorrectly.\xa0\xa0', 'Not only have I been involved in cases where\xa0AI\xa0has indicated surgery should be performed when objectively there was nothing to operate upon, the opposite scenario also arises.\xa0It is a precarious situation to call a team for emergency surgery when the\xa0AI\xa0platform instructs no intervention is required.\xa0', 'As a neurosurgeon, I am too familiar with the anxiety created when\xa0AI\xa0recommends no intervention, yet surgery is the best chance of salvation for the patient. Imagine the captain of a large commercial\xa0airplane performing an emergency maneuver against the recommendations of the flight\xa0AI, knowing that hundreds of passengers’ lives onboard hang in the balance.\xa0Decades of training and experience along with the degree of self-assurance required for these moments is surreal.', 'CLICK HERE FOR MORE FOX NEWS OPINION', 'Ethical considerations surrounding patient privacy and data security from using\xa0AI\xa0algorithms also require careful attention. Many of the\xa0AI\xa0platforms used in the treatment of acute stroke require a third-party software program outside of the hospital.\xa0\xa0', 'In this world of malicious cyber-attacks committed against hospitals by terrorists\xa0aiming for financial gain, it is essential that patient data transfer is completely protected.\xa0Ensuring responsible use of\xa0AI\xa0in stroke care is essential.', 'The synergy between\xa0AI\xa0and physicians, nurses and physical therapists involved in stroke care is poised for further advancements. I am personally excited to witness how\xa0AI\xa0technologies become more integrated into the health care ecosystem, and how\xa0AI\xa0can facilitate, not replace, the human element.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'We must remember that, at the end of the day, we are humans treating other humans, not simply programs analyzing algorithmic equations.', 'Before I left my home on this\xa0Thanksgiving\xa0to treat the patient suffering a stroke, I reminded my boys that while I needed to leave, I would come home. And as promised, I returned home late in the evening. My boys and my wife sat with me and together we enjoyed a wonderful dinner. Once again, I was thankful for my beautiful, healthy family.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM DR. PAUL SAPHIER', 'Dr. Paul Saphier is board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgeons and a fellow of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons who specializes in the treatment of complex brain tumors and intracranial vascular lesions. Follow him on Instagram at @PaulSaphierMD and\xa0CoaxialNeuro.com']"
"['Whether you\'re using a Microsoft Windows computer or an app like Word or PowerPoint, you can get free virtual help and training through Microsoft\'s website, Kurt ""The CyberGuy"" Knutsson reports.', 'Artificial intelligence tools like ChatGPT are taking over the landscape of our everyday lives, and now Microsoft has just announced its own tool called\xa0365 Copilot.', ""It's meant to help people with work-related tasks, so anyone using it can be more productive. The announcement comes just a couple of months after the company revealed it would invest some $10 billion in ChatGPT creator OpenAI."", 'CLICK TO GET KURT’S CYBERGUY NEWSLETTER WITH QUICK TIPS, TECH REVIEWS, SECURITY ALERTS AND EASY HOW-TO’S TO MAKE YOU SMARTER', 'AI tool 365 Copilot combines large language models (LLMs) with data. (Microsoft)', 'The AI tool combines large language models (LLMs) with your data in the Microsoft Graph and the Microsoft 365 apps and is integrated into Microsoft 365 in two different ways. The first way is by working alongside you in all the Microsoft 365 apps, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams and more.', 'The second way is through a brand-new feature called Business Chat. This feature works across the LLMs, the Microsoft 365 apps and your data to take care of tasks for you. For example, you could give the tool a basic language prompt and it will give you an answer based on its access to your\xa0morning meetings, emails and chat threads.', 'CHATGPT NEW ANTI-CHEATING TECHNOLOGY INSTEAD CAN HELP STUDENTS FOOL TEACHERS', 'With Microsoft 365 Copilot, the company is aiming to help workers improve their creativity, productivity and skills. In terms of creativity, there are tons of tasks that the tool is capable of doing.', 'BEST BROWSER ALTERNATIVES FOR THE ONCE-POPULAR, NOW-RETIRED INTERNET EXPLORER', 'When you create a Word document, for example, rather than beginning with a blank slate, you could give your ideas to Copilot, and it would give you a first draft to edit and improve. It also can shorten and rewrite text or give feedback on your writing. It can help in this way as well with PowerPoint by sprucing up your presentations or creating better data visualizations in Excel.', 'Microsoft is aiming to help workers improve creativity, productivity and other skills. (Microsoft)', 'When it comes to productivity, Copilot is meant to help you work faster than you normally would without it. It could summarize lengthy emails sent to you in Outlook, give you key discussion points from your meetings in Teams and create chatbots in Power Platform.', 'MICROSOFT IMPOSES LIMITS ON BING CHATBOT AFTER MULTIPLE INCIDENTS OF INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR', 'And as far as improving your skills goes, Copilot can quickly show you how to unlock the thousands of tools that Microsoft 365 has to offer that you would never have had time to learn on your own before.', 'When it released Microsoft 365 Copilot, Microsoft stated, ""Copilot is more than OpenAI’s ChatGPT embedded into Microsoft 365. It’s a sophisticated processing and orchestration engine working behind the scenes to combine the power of LLMs, including GPT-4, with the Microsoft 365 apps and your business data in the Microsoft Graph — now accessible to everyone through natural language.""', ""Here's an example of an AI-powered task on Copilot. (Mircosoft)"", ""It seems like this tool is meant to come in handy for workers in all kinds of fields. However, we've already seen ChatGPT experience some problems over these last few months, whether it be malfunctions with how to tool communicates with users or hackers trying to trick people with fake versions of the tool. It's tough to say if this tool will be a good asset or not, so we'll have to wait for the coming days and weeks to see how people respond."", 'Copilot is currently being tested with 20 customers right now, and Microsoft will be expanding the preview to others in the coming months.', 'Would you be interested in using Microsoft 365 Copilot? Let us know your thoughts.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'For more of my tips, subscribe to my free CyberGuy Report Newsletter by clicking the ""Free newsletter"" link at the top of my website.', 'Copyright 2023 CyberGuy.com.\xa0All rights reserved.\xa0\xa0', 'Kurt ""CyberGuy"" Knutsson is an award-winning tech journalist who has a deep love of technology, gear and gadgets that make life better with his contributions for Fox News & FOX Business beginning mornings on ""FOX & Friends."" Got a tech question? Get Kurt’s CyberGuy Newsletter, share your voice, a story idea or comment at CyberGuy.com.']"
"[""Fox News Washington correspondent Gillian Turner has more on China aggression and the spy balloon saga between the two countries on 'Special Report.'\xa0"", ""China is fully embracing the potential transformative power of artificial intelligence and determined to emerge as the world's leading AI power, according to experts and Chinese state media."", ""The People's Daily, the mouthpiece newspaper of the ruling Chinese Communist Party (CCP), on Monday published its second commentary in two weeks vowing to intensify efforts to unleash the potential of AI."", '""[AI] will become an important driving force in the new wave of technological revolution and industrial transformation, with a major impact on people\'s production and life,"" the commentary says.', 'WHAT IS AI?', 'The article, first flagged by the South China Morning Post, lists several areas where China could benefit from AI, such as daily office work, pharmaceuticals, and meteorology.', 'Experts weighed American and Chinese military and civil investments in artificial intelligence and while some believe the U.S. has a slight advantage in developing the technology currently, others worry China has already surpassed U.S. capability (Getty Images)', ""The People's Daily's focus on AI comes as experts in the U.S. are warning of China's tech ambitions."", 'In a new report, the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments concludes that, while the U.S. currently leads China in industrial might and national security technology, Beijing is on the offensive in areas like AI and believes it can be a global leader in the next decade.', 'SENATE URGED TO PUNISH US COMPANIES THAT HELP CHINA BUILD ITS AI-DRIVEN ‘SURVEILLANCE STATE’', '""The United States has a powerful advantage because it played a central role in establishing the existing global techno-security order,"" the report states. ""But the current revolution in global technology affairs offers a window of opportunity for China to stake a leadership claim on emerging domains such as 5G, AI, quantum technology, cybersecurity, clean energy, and biotechnology.""', 'The term ""techno-security"" describes various innovations that can be applied to national security requirements.', 'According to the report, the U.S. needs to take action now to secure its stronger position or risk China catching up in the near future as it continues to close the technological gap between the two.', 'ChatGPT logo and AI Artificial Intelligence words are seen in this illustration taken, May 4, 2023.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', ""AI PROGRAM FLAGS CHINESE PRODUCTS ALLEGEDLY LINKED TO UYGHUR FORCED LABOR: 'NOT COINCIDENCE, IT'S A STRATEGY'"", '""The U.S. techno-security system remains better organized and structured for the long-term techno-security competition than China, but it cannot be complacent and needs to urgently address a raft of structural flaws in its system,"" the authors conclude. ""As China ramps up its efforts to transform its techno-security capabilities and sets deadlines to achieve its goals over the next 5–10 years, the U.S. has only a limited window of opportunity to act.""', 'Tai Ming Cheung, a co-author of the report and a professor at the University of California, San Diego, noted that China ""is now doubling down"" on AI, telling the U.S. Naval Institute\'s news website that the Chinese ""think they have a real chance to lead"" in this sector.', ""Since the AI tool ChatGPT was releasee in November, many observers both in and out of government have highlighted the strategic importance of tracking China's focus on developing AI to boost industrial productivity and its economy — the world's second largest."", 'WHAT IS CHATGPT?', 'In April, the Politburo, the CCP\'s decision-making body, said China should prioritize the ""development of artificial general intelligence"" and ""create an ecosystem for innovation"" while simultaneously trying to mitigate the risks of AI, according to a statement issued by state media outlet Xinhua summarizing the Politburo\'s quarterly meeting on the country\'s social and economic development.', ""According to the accounting and consulting firm PwC, China will benefit significantly from AI, which is set to contribute to a 26% increase in China's gross domestic product by 2030."", 'U.S. President Joe Biden, left, and Chinese President Xi Jinping, right. (Getty Images)', 'HOUSE DEMANDS AI UPDATE FROM PENTAGON AS THREATS FROM CHINA, OTHER ADVERSARIES PILE UP', ""However, the People's Daily noted that China still faces challenges, such as a lack of compute-in-memory chips, tough ethical questions, intellectual property rights, and potential issues for personal privacy and online fraud."", '""The evolving nature of AI also poses certain risks,"" the commentary read.\xa0', 'The Chinese government mouthpiece also called on governments and industry leaders to address the risks associated with AI.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Chinese leaders are deliberating over a new law to target telecoms and online fraud using AI face swapping technology.', 'Meanwhile, the Biden administration has reportedly reached out to China about working together on international norms for AI in weapons systems — a potential new area of both cooperation and competition amid tensions between the two countries.', 'Aaron Kliegman is a politics reporter for Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"['Artificial Intelligence poses both risks and rewards, but developers should be weary of technologies that could threaten ""scary"" outcomes, AI technologist says.', 'Men who have trouble finding dates are reportedly turning to artificial intelligence and self-described love guru to craft appealing dating profiles.', '""My AI prompts and training can turn any guy from zero to hero,"" Stefan-Pierre Tomlin, a 32-year-old London model and self-described love guru, told South West News Service, according to the New York Post.', 'Tomlin operates a website called Celebrity Love Coach where subscribers can pay between roughly $55 to $150 a month to receive his advice and ""support to help you achieve your dating goals,"" according to the website. Subscribers also receive access to ""bespoke"" AI to draft appealing dating profiles.', '""I’m selling a real solution — a bespoke plan of action that uses machines to correct your dating fault,"" Tomlin said. ""Think of it as Viagra for your social profile.""', 'AI AND LOVE: MAN DETAILS HIS HUMAN-LIKE RELATIONSHIP WITH A BOT', 'Love guru Stefan-Pierre Tomlin discusses how AI can help land men dates.\xa0 (SWNS\xa0)', '""You will go from no dates to full diaries,"" he added.', 'Tomlin calls himself Tinder’s ""most swiped right man,"" who never struggles for dates. He compared his dating services to people using dishwashers to make their lives easier, arguing, ""my clients use AI and our training to make their dating lives more for a fulfilling, long-lasting connection.""', ""The dating program uses ChatGPT, OpenAI's wildly popular chatbot, as well as software developed for Tomlin to learn people's profiles and even change their looks, according to Tomlin."", 'Tomlin hit back that using his services isn’t a form of cheating and that he is just ""evening out the playing field.""', '""It’s not cheating, it’s giving back power to the less fortunate,"" he said. ""I am giving un-genetically blessed people a hidden advantage in the dating game.""', 'REGULATORS SHOULD KEEP THEIR HANDS OFF AI AND FORGET MUSK-BACKED PAUSE: ECONOMIST', 'Using AI to generate desirable dating profiles is not new, with a study out of the University of New South Wales, Sydney, finding in 2020 that 62% of single people would swipe right -meaning the user finds the profile attractive and wants to match with the person - on an AI-generated dating profile.', 'In this photo illustration, a Google Bard AI logo is displayed on a smartphone with a Chat GPT logo in the background. (Photo Illustration by Avishek Das/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)', 'The study was based on a survey of more than 1,000 people who were presented with AI-generated profiles, including the photos and descriptions of the phony people. The study found that 67% of respondents said they would also want to train artificial intelligence to swipe right for them on dating apps.', 'A handful of recent news reports show men are increasingly relying on AI to match and message with women, and some AI-focused dating apps have already cropped up. CupidBot, an AI-powered dating app that claims to get people ""several dates a week by doing absolutely nothing,"" was in beta mode as of last month and is expected to roll out to the masses in the near future.', '40-YEAR-OLD MAN FALLS IN LOVE WITH AI, REPORTEDLY TELLS ‘PHAEDRA’ ABOUT PLANS TO CREMATE MOTHER AND SISTER', 'Artificial Intelligence words are seen in this illustration taken March 31, 2023. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', '""Dating apps have always favored women, so I decided to tip the scales … I fought back by building an AI-powered bot that could do the swiping and chatting for me,"" the creator of the AI dating app said in a since-deleted Reddit post, according to the New York Post last month.', 'Another AI dating app, iris, trains the technology to ""match users based on the likelihood that they will find each other attractive,"" according to the site.\xa0', 'CYBERATTACKS, AI-HUMAN LOVE ARE MAJOR CHALLENGES OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE BOOM, FORMER GOOGLE CHIEF WARNS', '""iris can save you (a lot of) time in the long run. It’s the only app that connects members based on the likelihood of mutual attraction. And there is no catfishing on iris: all member photos are verified with a selfie,"" the site continues.', 'Close-Up Of Couple Holding Hands with wedding rings (iStock)', 'For Tomlin, he said his aim for coaching those looking for love is to ""transform the dating game by using AI technology and software developed to allow men to match with women.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'His coaching program has already paid off, according to Tomlin, explaining that 32 out of the 45 men he has helped over the last two months got a successful date.']"
"['""Oppenheimer"" director Christopher Nolan spoke of the historical significance in artificial intelligence and compared it to the creation of the atomic bomb.', '‘OPPENHEIMER MOMENT’: Hollywood director Christopher Nolan spoke with Fox News Digital on artificial intelligence\'s ""Oppenheimer moment."" Nolan compared AI to the creation of the atomic bomb and stated, ""It\'s really the looking back through Oppenheimer\'s story and saying, \'Okay, what could have been done differently? What are the responsibilities of people who create technology that can go out and have unintended impacts?\'"" Continue reading…', ""'MINING OUR PERSONHOODS': Companies like OpenAI and Google have taken your data to train AI systems, attorney Ryan J. Clarkson writes in an op-ed. If you posted it, its most likely been taken. This risk of having this done include predicting and possibly manipulating your next move, misappropriating your skill-set and even replicating your voice and likeness, Clarkson writes. Continue reading…"", 'Director Christopher Nolan attends the ""Oppenheimer"" premiere at Cinema Le Grand Rex on July 11, 2023 in Paris. (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)', ""'GENERATIONAL MISTAKE': Sen. Ted Cruz is criticizing Democrats for what he believes is a rush to regulate the artificial intelligence sector, and says new rules for AI would be a drag on the U.S. in the critical tech race against China. Continue reading…"", '\'WE HAVE TO EVOLVE\': The DOD is already using AI as a tool, but Rep. Marc Molinaro, R-N.Y. said we must also assess the country\'s AI vulnerabilities to other countries like China and Russia. ""AI evolves, that’s the point, and so we have to evolve with it,"" Molinaro stated. Continue reading…', 'CHINA\'S AMBITIONS: A 26-year-old self-made billionaire, Alexandr Wang, warned members of the House Armed Services Committee on Tuesday of China\'s ambitions likening it to ""China\'s Apollo Project."" Wang stated that China understands AI\'s capability to disrupt warfare and said that the communist country is investing in the tech three times as much as the U.S. Continue reading…', 'CEO of Scale A.I. Alexandr Wang testifies during a House Armed Services Subcommittee on Cyber, Information Technologies and Innovation hearing about artificial intelligence on Capitol Hill July 18, 2023, in Washington, D.C. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) ', 'TRUTH-SEEKING MACHINE: Elon Musk stated on Twitter Spaces that he is looking to create an AI that seeks to understand the universe. The SpaceX founder jokingly described the xAI mission statement as ""What the hell is really going on?"" Continue reading…', 'COMING FOR THEIR JOBS: Most outsourced coding jobs in India will be replaced by AI, according to Stability AI CEO Emad Mostaque. The CEO said that the AI models are like ""really talented grads,"" and explained that in India, ""outsourced coders up to level three programmers will be gone in the next year or two."" Continue reading…', 'HIGH-TECH STORM HUNTERS: Saildrone Inc. in partnership with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration are working to create a fleet of drones in this year to collect data by flying directly into hurricanes. The drones are expected to assist this Atlantic hurricane season by collecting data from the Gulf of Mexico. Continue reading…', 'SERVICE WITH A SMILE: Glenn Tait, product director of a UK-based hospitality tech firm Zonal, said that AI will soon have the ability to take and serve our orders with a personal touch like being able to recognize regulars. ""We could also see AI being used to understand how a customer is feeling, if they look unhappy or they have been waiting too long for their main meal, technology could prompt a staff visit to the table,"" Tait explained. Continue reading…', ""HOLLYWOOD'S NEW VILLAIN?: Thousands of Hollywood screenwriters are on strike over issues like pay, guaranteed number of writers per room and for a regulated use of AI. The tech has the ability to be involved in the creative aspect of story-telling and possibly usurp the writing process causing fear for many writers. Continue reading…"", 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Matt Finn has the latest on the impact of AI technology that some say could outpace humans on 'Special Report.'"", 'Artificial intelligence will take center stage in the nation’s capital on Tuesday, when tech CEO Sam Altman testifies for the first time before Congress regarding ChatGPT, his company’s revolutionary chatbot.\xa0', 'Altman’s OpenAI, an AI research lab, revolutionized the technology last year when it released ChatGPT, a chatbot that’s able to mimic human conversation based on prompts it is given. The company has gone on to release updated iterations of the chatbot since last November, which has sparked a race in Silicon Valley for other tech companies to build and release more power systems powered by artificial intelligence.\xa0', 'Altman will appear before the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on privacy, technology, and the law on Tuesday morning amid pressure on government leaders to craft regulations for artificial intelligence.\xa0Thousands of tech leaders and experts signed an open letter in March calling on AI labs to pause their research on systems more powerful than OpenAI’s latest multimodal large language model, GPT-4, arguing the tech poses a risk to humanity.\xa0', 'HOW DOES AN AI CHATBOT WORK?', '""AI systems with human-competitive intelligence can pose profound risks to society and humanity, as shown by extensive research and acknowledged by top AI labs,"" the letter, signed by tech leaders such as Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, states.\xa0', 'OpenAI CEO Sam Altman speaks during a keynote address announcing ChatGPT integration for Bing at Microsoft in Redmond, Washington, on Feb. 7, 2023. (JASON REDMOND/AFP via Getty Images)', 'Altman, 38, has a long career in the tech world, including co-founding the company Loopt in 2005, which allowed smartphone users to share their location with other people, serving as president of tech startup accelerator Y Combinator and working briefly as Reddit’s CEO back in 2014.', 'OpenAI was founded in 2015, with Altman and Musk serving on its initial board, before the research lab grew in worldwide notoriety for ChatGPT last year. Altman was named the lab’s CEO in 2020, after he stepped back from his leadership roles at Y Combinator.\xa0', 'OPENAI CEO SAM ALTMAN TO APPEAR BEFORE CONGRESS', 'In 2019, Altman compared his company’s research on artificial intelligence to the Manhattan Project, when the first \u200bnuclear weapons were developed during World War II, according to the New York Times.\xa0', 'Illustration picture shows the ChatGPT artificial intelligence software, which generates human-like conversation (Getty images)', '""As Mr. Altman sipped a sweet wine in lieu of dessert, he compared his company to the Manhattan Project,"" the New York Times reported this year, based on a 2019 interview with Altman. ""As if he were chatting about tomorrow’s weather forecast, he said the U.S. effort to build an atomic bomb during the Second World War had been a ‘project on the scale of OpenAI — the level of ambition we aspire to.’""', 'TECH GIANT SAM ALTMAN COMPARES POWERFUL AI RESEARCH TO DAWN OF NUCLEAR WARFARE: REPORT', 'Raised in St. Louis, Missouri, Altman moved to California to attend Stanford University before dropping out after two years to continue building Loopt, according to the New Yorker in 2016. He told the outlet that technology has long been pivotal in his life, including stretching back to when he was 8 years old, when he learned how to code and take apart a Mac computer. He also credited AOL chatrooms for helping him when he was navigating his sexuality.\xa0', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AI', '""Growing up gay in the Midwest in the two-thousands was not the most awesome thing,"" Altman told the New Yorker. ""And finding AOL chat rooms was transformative. Secrets are bad when you’re eleven or twelve.""\xa0', 'Altman has repeatedly been recognized for his work in the tech industry, including Forbes’ naming him on its 30 Under 30 list in 2015 for venture capital, before he was listed on Time’s 100 most influential people in the world this year.\xa0', 'Sam Altman, president of Y Combinator, speaks during the New Work Summit in Half Moon Bay, California, U.S., on Monday, Feb. 25, 2019. (Getty Images)', 'A vegetarian who owns a cattle ranch in California, Altman has also spoken out about how he preps ""for survival,"" noting in 2016 that he is bracing for anything from a lethal virus or the rise of AI wiping out civilization.\xa0', '""I try not to think about it too much,"" Altman told the New Yorker. ""But I have guns, gold, potassium iodide, antibiotics, batteries, water, gas masks from the Israeli Defense Force, and a big patch of land in Big Sur I can fly to.""', ""'CONGRESS IS CLEARLY BEHIND ON AI' AND NEEDS BIPARTISAN EFFORT TO CREATE REGULATIONS: LAWMAKERS WEIGH IN"", 'Artificial Intelligence words are seen in this illustration taken March 31, 2023.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', 'Since ChatGPT’s release last year, the chatbot has exploded in popularity, making history in January as the fastest-growing consumer application in history, with 100 million monthly active users that month. The platform has since been incorporated into Microsoft Bing’s search engine — which heavily invested in Open AI — sparking Google to try to craft a similar platform, while other AI labs have continued research on building more powerful systems.\xa0', 'ChatGPT’s success, which has been felt around the world, and criticisms from some tech leaders that the technology could spell the end of humanity and society put lawmakers under the spotlight to craft rules and regulations for the tech.\xa0', ""ELON MUSK, APPLE CO-FOUNDER, OTHER TECH EXPERTS CALL FOR PAUSE ON 'GIANT AI EXPERIMENTS': 'DANGEROUS RACE'"", 'Sam Altman speaks at the Wall Street Journal Digital Conference in Laguna Beach, California, U.S., October 18, 2017.\xa0 (REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo)', 'The congressional hearing on Tuesday will also feature testimony from IBM’s vice president and chief privacy and trust officer Christina Montgomery and New York University Professor Emeritus Gary Marcus.\xa0', 'Last week, Altman visited the White House to discuss concerns surrounding AI with Vice President Kamala Harris. The tech CEO is also slated to attend an invite-only dinner Monday evening with House lawmakers of both political parties.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Altman has previously acknowledged that AI brings dangers and concern, but that the tech could be ""the greatest technology humanity has yet developed.""', '""We\'ve got to be careful here,"" Altman told ABC News in March. ""I think people should be happy that we are a little bit scared of this.""']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", ""Delaware's low elevation mixed with crowded beaches and limited exit routes make the state particularly vulnerable to massive flooding, but officials hope an influx of federal infrastructure money will trigger future evacuation plans automatically via artificial intelligence."", ""The Biden administration was set to announce a total of $53 million in grants Thursday to Delaware and seven other states aimed at high-tech solutions to traffic congestion problems. Although the money comes from the infrastructure law the president signed in 2021, many of the programs — including the $5 million for flood response efforts in Biden's home state — have evolved since then."", '""What\'s new is the predictive analysis; the machine learning,"" U.S. Federal Highway Administrator Shailen Bhatt, Delaware\'s former transportation secretary, said in an interview with The Associated Press. ""Because now we have access to all this data, it\'s hard for us as humans to figure out what is data and what is actionable information.""', 'CHATGPT FOUND TO GIVE BETTER MEDICAL ADVICE THAN REAL DOCTORS IN BLIND STUDY: ‘THIS WILL BE A GAME CHANGER’', 'Delaware officials pull off evacuation-type procedures every week during the tourism season, with long lines of cars headed to the beaches on weekend mornings and back at night. But flooding presents a unique problem — including standing water on roads that can make the most direct routes out of town even more treacherous than simply sheltering in place.', '""What you don’t want to do is make the decision too late and then you have vehicles caught out,"" said Gene Donaldson, operations manager at the state’s 24-hour Transportation Management Center.', ""Delaware's transportation department, which controls more than 90% of roads in a state with the lowest average elevation in the country, is tasked with implementing evacuation plans during high water — a bureaucratic nightmare considering how quickly conditions can change."", 'Waves crash on a Delaware beach on July 13, 2022, in Rehoboth. Delaware plans to use artificial intelligence to automatically trigger the evacuation of crowded beaches amid major flooding.\xa0 (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)', '""For humans to monitor thousands of detectors or data sources is overwhelming,"" said George Zhao, director of transportation for Arlington, Virginia-based BlueHalo, which has worked with Delaware on developing the software.', ""LATEST VERSION OF CHATGPT PASSES RADIOLOGY BOARD-STYLE EXAM, HIGHLIGHTS AI'S ‘GROWING POTENTIAL,' STUDY FINDS"", ""That's where AI comes in. Rather than sending a crew to the scene to block an impassable road, the system uses sensors to detect weather threats — and even can predict them. Then, it sends the information directly to drivers through cellphone alerts while broadcasting them simultaneously on electronic highway signs."", 'The amount of data keeps growing, with many automated cars now able to not only inform their drivers of the dangers ahead but also feed the system to warn others.', 'Researchers at Missouri University of Science and Technology tested an earlier version of a flood prediction analysis system on the Mississippi River between 2019-22. Steve Corns, an associate professor of engineering management and systems engineering who co-authored the study, said the system was able to detect in minutes what used to take hours.', ""But now, Corns said, the capabilities are even more advanced and useful — provided they're adequately funded so the technology doesn't become obsolete."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Previous legislation had awarded more than $300 million in congestion relief grants, and Bhatt said the agency received $385 million in applications for the $52.8 million in the latest batch under the infrastructure law. He said that ""shows huge appetite"" for innovative solutions to tackle traffic problems.', ""Other payouts in this round of grants include $14 million for machine learning traffic prediction and signal timing in Maryland and $12.7 million to retrofit Ann Arbor, Michigan's traffic system with cellular technology that could become a national template. It also includes $11.6 million to expand a microtransit service in Grand Rapids, Minnesota.""]"
"['Test your knowledge of artificial intelligence in this Fox News Digital quiz', 'Mobile app users, click here to play the quiz!', 'To see our collection of more than 60 quizzes, click here.', ""Gabriele Regalbuto is an SEO editor at Fox News Digital. Gabriele has a Journalism and Communications degree from West Virginia University. She has worked to produce content for newspapers, magazines, and digital platforms. At Fox, she has assisted in coverage of breaking news events including the 2024 presidential cycle, 2022 midterm elections, Queen Elizabeth II's death, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.""]"
"[""An AI art lecturer says an AI-generated song seemingly created in the style of musician Drake raises copyright questions surrounding an artist's style."", 'Joe Russo, who has co-directed Marvel movies like ""Avengers: Endgame"" and ""Avengers: Infinity War"" predicts that in two years artificial intelligence could be making moves, according to comments he made at the Sands International Film Festival in St. Andrews, Scotland.\xa0', 'When asked for his prediction, Russo speculated that AI will be creating movies in two years, adding that moviegoers will eventually be able to create different movies on the spot.\xa0', ""WHAT GRIMES' AI MUSIC OFFER COULD MEAN FOR THE FUTURE OF THE INDUSTRY"", 'Joe Russo, who has co-directed Marvel movies like ""Avengers: Endgame"" and ""Avengers: Infinity War."" ((Photo by Tristar Media/WireImage))', '""Potentially, what you could do with [AI] is obviously use it to engineer storytelling and change storytelling,"" Russo said on a panel moderated by Collider\'s Steve Weintraub. ""So you have a constantly evolving story, either in a game or in a movie or a TV show. You could walk into your house and save the AI on your streaming platform. ‘Hey, I want a movie starring my photoreal avatar and Marilyn Monroe’s photoreal avatar. I want it to be a rom-com because I’ve had a rough day,’ and it renders a very competent story with dialogue that mimics your voice. It mimics your voice, and suddenly now you have a rom-com starring you that’s 90 minutes long. So you can curate your story specifically to you.""', 'Joe Russo predicts that in two years AI could be making moves, according to comments he made at the Sands International Film Festival in St. Andrews, Scotland.\xa0 ((Photo by Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images))', 'Russo appeared alongside Chief Creative Officer at Epic Games Donald Mustard, and discussed contemporary storytelling, gaming and looking at the future for video games, movies and television, according to Collider.\xa0', 'FROM FAKE DRAKE TO AI-GENERATED EMINEM TRACKS: CAN MUSICIANS COPYRIGHT STYLE?', '""I’m on the board of a few AI companies,"" Russo said. ""I’m gonna speak from my experience of being on the board of those companies, [so] there are AI companies that are developing AI to protect you from AI. And unfortunately, we’re in that world, and you will need an AI in your life because whether\xa0we\xa0want to see it developed or not, people who are not friendly to us may develop it anyways. So, we’re going to be in that future. The question is, then, how we protect ourselves in that future?""', 'Joe Russo warned ""you\'re either going to evolve with it or you\'re going to be left behind."" ((Photo by Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images for IMDb))', 'AI MUSIC WILL BRING UNCHAINED MELODIES TO YOUR EAR', 'Russo also addressed the ""fear"" that many people have ""whenever you talk about a subject like this.""', '""What I\'m saying is that everything is going to evolve, and you\'re either going to evolve with it or you\'re going to be left behind,"" he warned. ""That\'s how it\'s always worked throughout history. And we\'re at a critical juncture of evolution.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Kendall Tietz is a Production Assistant with Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"[""'Fox & Friends' co-hosts criticize liberal San Francisco Mayor London Breed after she claimed crime statistics were taken completely out of context and that her city is being targeted."", 'Residents and business owners in California’s Bay Area are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence to combat a surge of burglaries and robberies along with police staffing shortages, with one security company telling Fox News Digital its sales of AI-based surveillance have been through the roof.', 'Deep Sentinel, a Pleasanton, California-based company providing AI-based security nationwide, told Fox News Digital that business tripled during the coronavirus pandemic and that trend has continued ever since as\xa0burglaries and robberies continue to plague San Francisco and the Bay Area in general.', '""I would say that the business segment has just skyrocketed in the past year,"" Tomasz Borys, Deep Sentinel’s vice president of marketing, told Fox News Digital.', '""The way that works is these cameras come with a sensor, so when there\'s an object that goes in front of the camera, it will trigger the artificial intelligence really quickly within a millisecond and determine\xa0what\xa0the object is,"" Borys explained. ""If it’s a human, that feed within seconds will go to our live surveillance center.""', ""SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR TORCHED FOR SEEKING FEDERAL ASSISTANCE TO CURB CRIME CRISIS: 'YOU NEED US TO DEAL WITH IT'"", 'Burglars observed attempting to enter the Rose Mary Jane cannabis bar in Oakland, California. (Deep Sentinel)', ""The security system is manned by live guards 24/7 who can not only warn criminals to stay away over a loudspeaker but also send real-time information to police departments that confirms a verified active situation is happening, which increases the likelihood officers will respond swiftly since there is no question whether it's a false alarm and the system also passes information about the crime to police instantly."", 'In San Francisco, the surge in crime over the past couple of years has been accompanied by a severe staffing shortage in the police department, where the force was short roughly 800 officers heading into 2023.', 'Earlier this year, the understaffed department took 15 hours to respond to a burglary call.', 'SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR LONDON BREED DEFENDS CITY AS SAFE AFTER VIOLENT, DEADLY ATTACKS', 'A potential intruder is deterred by a Deep Sentinel security system. (Deep Sentinel)', '""Small businesses in San Francisco are getting squeezed all the time, and we have no protection from the city,"" Eleanor Hayes, the wife of a bar owner that was robbed earlier this year, told the San Francisco Chronicle. ""The message is, \'You should just be happy it wasn’t worse.\'""', 'In Oakland, commercial burglaries have surged 76% in 2022, KTVU-TV reported.', 'Burglaries, robberies and other crimes have forced retail chains to close their doors, including Whole Foods, which shuttered its flagship location in downtown San Francisco due to safety concerns.', ""BIDEN MAY REGULATE AI FOR ‘DISINFORMATION,' 'DISCRIMINATORY OUTCOMES'"", 'Drug users and dealers gather across the street from the San Francisco Federal Building. (Fox News Digital / Jon Michael Raasch)', 'California’s legal marijuana dispensaries have been one of the industries hardest hit by rising crime and Rose Mary Jane, a cannabis bar and lounge in Oakland, is one of the companies that turned to Deep Sentinel’s AI technology and has already seen results.', '""Most cannabis businesses in Oakland have experienced a heavy amount of burglaries, break-ins and shoplifting,"" Sway Macaluso, the store manager of Rose Mary Jane, said in a video posted on YouTube, adding that they were searching for a solution that would ""prevent crime"" and also adhere to the regulations of the cannabis industry.', 'AI-CREATED MALWARE SENDS SHOCKWAVES THROUGH CYBERSECURITY WORLD', 'Asha Manaktala, an assistant manager at Rose Mary Jane, said that the Deep Sentinel system recently spotted burglars trying to break into their facility before their in-person security guard did.', '""It engaged, prevented and contacted law enforcement before our on-site guard even saw the burglars,"" Manaktala said.\xa0', 'CAN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PREDICT THE WEATHER MONTHS OUT? THIS COMPANY SAYS IT CAN', 'Borys told Fox News Digital that police were on the scene in six to eight minutes after the burglary attempt at Rose Mary Jane.', 'Another cannabis dispensary in Vallejo that also uses the services of Deep Sentinel posted a video online showing two burglaries on the same night that were both thwarted when the AI recognized the threat and alerted a live guard, who issued a warning over a loudspeaker.', ""THE SHOCKING RESPONSE TO AI AND WHAT TO DO NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE"", '""This is Deep Sentinel Security, this is private property, the police are being called,"" a female guard could be heard saying over the loudspeaker, causing the burglars to flee.', 'Borys told Fox News Digital that the voice deterrents scare off criminals 99% of the time, but the company is testing even stronger deterrents for determined burglars who ignore the warnings, including pepper spray, smoke machines and blaring sirens.\xa0', 'Deep Sentinel was started by Dave Selinger, an early employee at Amazon, who had the idea to start the company after a neighbor was a victim of a home invasion, according to Borys.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""This all came about because the next-door neighbor had a home invasion,"" Borys explained. ""The whole family, hands tied behind their back, guns drawn to their head. They had a high-end camera system and alarm system and nothing prevented that. Nothing got police there as quickly as they hoped it would.', '""He decided to take matters into his own hands and create something that would be super preventative, something that was super proactive and something that would be affordable that everyone and anyone can use.""', 'Andrew Mark Miller is a reporter at Fox News. Find him on Twitter @andymarkmiller and email tips to AndrewMark.Miller@Fox.com.']"
"[""Fox News host Steve Hilton delves into ChatGPT, an artificial intelligence program that could have major implications for writing-focused jobs on 'The Next Revolution.'"", 'Actors are sounding the alarm on new artificial intelligence (AI) technology that creates replicas of their voices and could replace them without proper compensation.', ""According to a report by VICE's Motherboard, Hollywood and videogame voice actors are being asked to sign contracts that give away the rights to their voices for use in generative AI. They claim that the increasingly common practice could decimate entire aspects of the industry."", '""It\'s disrespectful to the craft to suggest that generating a performance is equivalent to a real human being\'s performance,"" SungWon Cho, a game and animation voice actor, told Motherboard.', '""Sure, you can get it to sound tonally like a voice and maybe even make it sound like it\'s capturing an emotion, but at the end of the day, it is still going to ring hollow and false. Going down this road runs the risk of people thinking that voice-over can be replaced entirely by AI, which really makes my stomach turn.""', ""ITALY BANS POPULAR AI APP FROM COLLECTING USERS' DATA"", 'One type of generative AI, ChatGPT has recently taken the world by storm. \xa0\xa0 (iStock)', 'Videogame voice actor Fryda Wolff, known for the famous online shooter Apex Legends, said that the new technology could allow game developers, animation studios and commercial clients to squeeze more performances out of her without compensating her or informing her representative.', ""Many companies now offer ways to clone or synthesize a person's voice using AI. They typically work by having users record their voices using a script. Once a certain amount of audio is recorded, a replica of the user's voice is created. The longer the recording, the more accurate the voice. Afterward, users can type in anything they wish into a text box that will spit out the words in the user's voice."", 'Other companies allow users to upload previously recorded audio, posing concerns about consent when plugging in the voice of a friend, coworker, celebrity, or even politician.', 'The co-founder of one such company, ElevenLabs, anticipates a future where AI companies can partner with voice actors.', ""AI-GENERATED 'SEINFELD' PARODY SHOW SLAMMED WITH 2-WEEK BAN ON TWITCH ALLEGEDLY FOR 'TRANSPHOBIC' BIT"", 'OpenAI ChatGPT seen on mobile with AI Brain seen on screen. on 22 January 2023 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images) (Photo by Jonathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', '""Voice actors will no longer be limited by the number of recording sessions they can attend and instead, they will be able to license their voices for use in any number of projects simultaneously, securing additional revenue and royalty streams,"" Mati Staniszewski said.', 'In response to ElevenLabs\' statement, Wolff said actors do not want the ability to license additional revenue streams, calling it ""nonsense jargon"" that shows the company has no idea how voice actors make their living.', 'The President and Founder of the National Association of Voice Actors (NAVA), Tim Friedlander, said that clauses in contracts that give away an actor\'s voice rights are becoming ""very prevalent,"" with language that is often ""confusing and ambiguous.""', '""Many voice actors may have signed a contract without realizing language like this had been added. We are also finding clauses in contracts for non-synthetic voice jobs that give away the rights to use an actor\'s voice for synthetic voice training or creation without any additional compensation or approval. Some actors are being told they cannot be hired without agreeing to these clauses,"" he said.', 'Smart speaker top view artificial intelligence assistant voice control blue ring finger (iStock)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'He also noted that his union is not ""anti-synthetic voices or anti-AI"" but simply ""pro voice actor.""', 'He added that some sections of the voice acting industry would disappear because of generative AI, ""especially the blue-collar, working-class voice actor who works a day job 9-5 and then is trying to build a voice-over career from there. Those jobs are what will be lost to synthetic voices first and will damage a large part of the industry.""', ""Actors' union SAG-AFTRA, speaking with Motherboard, said that voice synthesis is a mandatory subject of bargaining."", '""Any language in a performer\'s contract which attempts to acquire digital simulation or digital creation rights is void and unenforceable until the terms have been negotiated with the union,"" they said.\xa0', 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"['AI and ChatGPT development should not be paused and neither should other large Artificial Intelligence experiments residents of Austin, Texas, told Fox News.', 'AUSTIN, Texas – Advancing artificial intelligence models should not pause, some Americans said after over 1,000 tech leaders including Elon Musk recommended a temporary suspension.', '""I don\'t understand the concerns fully, but in general, I like the pace of progress with technology,"" Brian, of Austin, told Fox News. ""I hate for any sort of artificial restraining of it.""', 'Tesla and SpaceX Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk has advocated for a pause in large AI experiments. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)', 'Ryan said: ""I think they should further practice it, further work with it and get more knowledge on it. Make it safer to use.""', 'Musk, along with over 1,000 tech leaders and innovators, signed a letter calling for a six-month moratorium on developing powerful AI systems over safety concerns last week. However, other tech titans, such as Bill Gates, have claimed a pause will not ""solve"" the challenges facing the ""revolutionary"" technology.', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', '""I did see some news articles that some of the most brilliant scientific minds are urging the halt of ChatGPT5 and OpenAI,"" Austin resident, Zachary, said. ""I don\'t know exactly what their concerns are outside of the unknown.""', 'The letter co-signed by Musk and others argued that independent overseers need to develop safety protocols to guide the future of AI systems. Eliezer Yudkowsky, a Machine Intelligence Research Institute researcher, also recently called for an ""indefinite"" moratorium on advanced AI training.', 'OpenAI CEO Sam Altmandoes not believe there should be a pause in AI experiments.\xa0 (JASON REDMOND/AFP via Getty Images)', 'One woman told Fox News she was concerned over how quickly AI tech has been progressing. She said regulators must begin ""learning more about it, understanding how it works and the dangers and the things that could go wrong.""', 'Sam Altman, CEO of OpenAI, the maker of ChatGPT, said last month the company has to be ""careful"" with its AI creation and that ""people should be happy that we are a little bit scared of this.""', 'AI EXPERTS WEIGH DANGERS, BENEFITS OF CHATGPT ON HUMANS, JOBS AND INFORMATION: ‘DYSTOPIAN WORLD’', 'Still, some in Austin were excited about the capabilities of AI.\xa0', '""We need to sort of run these models and continue training in order to make progress for humanity,"" Joshua told Fox News. ""I\'m just saying if we are going to have it, it is inevitable to enter our society.""\xa0', ""The homepage of OpenAI's website, displaying its ChatGPT software. \xa0 (MARCO BERTORELLO/AFP via Getty Images)"", '""We might as well have it trained properly and ethically,"" he continued.', 'Another Austin resident said: ""The technology could be useful in different formats if applied properly.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Other residents said there should be increased transparency between programmers and regulators.', '""I do think that we should have some awareness and oversight of what is happening with the different AI programs,"" Leigh told Fox News.\xa0', 'To watch the full interviews, click here.\xa0']"
"['Dr. Craig Basman discusses new life-saving technology and the variables that can predict sudden cardiac events.', ""'UNBELIEVABLE BREAKTHROUGH': AI heart scan aims to catch blockages years before symptoms. Continue reading…"", ""TRANSLATOR FOR YOUR KIDS: How using AI as a 'parenting co-pilot' will help parents communicate better. Continue reading…"", 'The text software ChatGPT on a computer. (Frank Rumpenhorst/picture alliance via Getty Images)', ""'GRAVE THREAT': AI could deliver bioweapons capabilities to bad actors, safety chief warns. Continue reading…\xa0"", 'AI ON THE FRONTLINES: Senate pushes Army to develop neural sensors to track soldiers’ fatigue, stress. Continue reading…', 'American soldiers are seen next to M1A2 Abrams tank during a high-intensity training session at the Nowa Deba training ground in May, 2023 in Nowa Deba, Poland.\xa0 (Artur Widak/NurPhoto via Getty Images)', 'WHERE THE JOBS ARE: Best location for AI work is long-time tech hub, report says. Continue reading…', 'ROBOT MONEY MANAGERS: Generative AI technologies unlikely to fully replace financial advisors: Morningstar. Continue reading…', 'BLURRED LINES: AI appears more human on social media than actual humans, study finds. Continue reading…', ""THEY'RE WATCHING: Police use AI to track drivers on highways as attorney questions legality. Continue reading…"", ""MATCH-MAKING MACHINE: A 'scary' new weapon on the battlefield of love: Would you let a robot pick your partner? Continue reading…"", ""‘I DON’T WANT THAT’: Dolly Parton and Whoopi Goldberg are anti-holograms, expert warns they 'can never fully ensure' against use. Continue reading…"", 'FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA', 'FacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitterLinkedIn', 'SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS', 'Fox News FirstFox News OpinionFox News LifestyleFox News AutosFox News Health', 'DOWNLOAD OUR APPS', 'Fox NewsFox BusinessFox WeatherFox SportsTubi', 'WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE', 'Fox News Go', 'STREAM FOX NATION', 'Fox Nation', 'Stay up to date on the latest AI technology advancements and learn about the challenges and opportunities AI presents now and for the future with Fox News\xa0here.', 'This article was written by Fox News staff.']"
"['Sam Altman, the CEO of artificial intelligence lab OpenAI, told a Senate panel he welcomes federal regulation on the technology ‘to mitigate’ its risks. (Credit: Senate Judiciary Oversight Hearing)', 'Forget Big Brother. A stranger in a coffee shop can watch you and learn virtually everything about you, where you\'ve been and even predict your movements ""with greater ease and precision than ever before,"" experts say.\xa0', 'All the user would need is a photo and advanced artificial intelligence technology that already exists, said Kevin Baragona, a founder of DeepAI.org.', '""There are services online that can use a photo of you, and I can find everything. Every instance of your face on the internet, every place you\'ve been and use that for stalker-type purposes,"" Baragona told Fox News Digital.\xa0', '""So, for example, if you run into someone in public, and you\'re able to get a photo of them, you might be able to find their name using online services. And if you pay enough, you might be able to find where they\'ve been, where they might currently be and even predict where they\'ll go.""', 'FEARS OF AI HITTING BLACK MARKET STIR CONCERNS OF CRIMINALS EVADING GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS: EXPERT', 'Artificial Intelligence is hacking data in the near future. (iStock)', 'One company, PimEyes, which is an online face search engine that scours the internet to reverse image search, is fending off a legal complaint in the United Kingdom filed by privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch.\xa0', 'The company says its product is intended to allow people to search for publicly available information about themselves, but Big Brother Watch said its uses can be much more sinister and are a ""great threat to privacy of millions of U.K. residents,"" according to the complaint.', ""WORLD'S FIRST AI UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT SAYS TECH WILL DISRUPT EDUCATION TENETS, CREATE ‘RENAISSANCE SCHOLARS’"", '""Images of anyone, including children, can be scoured and tracked across the internet,"" said Madeleine Stone, a legal and policy officer at Big Brother Watch.\xa0', 'PimEyes responded in a statement, saying, ""PimEyes has never been and is not a tool to establish the identity or details of any individual. The purpose of the PimEyes service is to collect information about URLs that publish certain types of images in public domains.""', 'VINTRA SHOWCASES AI FACIAL RECOGNITION IN DEMO', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AI', 'The technology and threat is just as real in the United States as it is overseas, and what concerns Baragona is the government and law enforcement using AI ""in secrecy.""', ""C.A. Goldberg, a New York City-based victims' rights law firm dealing with AI-related crimes, warned the country about AI's potential uses in stalking.\xa0"", 'OPENAI CHIEF ALTMAN DESCRIBED WHAT ‘SCARY’ AI MEANS TO HIM, BUT CHATGPT HAS ITS OWN EXAMPLES', '""AI could enable offenders to track and monitor their victims with greater ease and precision than ever before,"" the law firm wrote in a blog post on its website.\xa0', 'The law firm said AI-powered software analyzes vast amounts of data ""in the blink of an eye,"" which could give stalkers real-time access to their victims\' online activity and real-life whereabouts.\xa0', 'WATCH DR. HARVEY CASTRO EXPLAIN AND DEMONSTRATE HIS LLM ""SHERLOCK""', 'WHAT ARE THE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', '""AI-powered algorithms could, for example, analyze and predict a person’s movements by gathering data from an array of sources: social media posts, geotagged photos, etc., to approximate or even anticipate a victim’s location,"" the firm wrote.\xa0', '""Advanced facial recognition technology powered by AI is far more effective than humans at identifying individuals from images or videos; even when the quality is low or the person is partially obscured. Stalkers could track victims in real-time through surveillance cameras, social media or other online sources.""\xa0', 'AI TOOLS BEING USED BY POLICE WHO ‘DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW THESE TECHNOLOGIES WORK’: STUDY', 'Anyone with access to these databases ""could exploit them,"" according to the firm.\xa0', ""Baragona told Fox News Digital AI will redefine humanity, but how that plays out depends on how it's used and who is using it."", 'The technology is already being used and continues to advance at a rapid rate, and countries around the world are grappling with how to implement guardrails and protections.\xa0\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""In general, the industry is not having its ‘come to Jesus’ moment,"" Baragona said. ""While I’m very concerned about the perils of AI, I’m also a strong believer in the power of AI and how it can make the world a better place.\xa0', '""It\'s a technological leap, and history has shown our lives tend to vastly improve due to these leaps.""', 'Chris Eberhart is a crime and US news reporter for Fox News Digital. Email tips to chris.eberhart@fox.com or on Twitter @ChrisEberhart48.']"
"['Former Major Label Music executive Seth Schachner explains how the introduction of A.I. could have devastating effects on the music industry on ‘Fox News @ Night.’', 'Replika CEO Eugenia Kuyda, the creator of an AI dating app with millions of users around the world, spoke to Fox News Digital about AI companion bots and the future of human and AI relationships.', 'It is an industry that she said will truly change people’s lives.', '""I think it\'s the next big platform. I think it is going to be bigger than any other platform before that. I think it\'s going to be basically whatever the iPhone is for you right now.""', 'Kuyda said that the technology still needs time to improve, but she predicted that people around the world will have access to chatbots that accompany them on trips and are intimately aware of their lives within 5 to 10 years.', '40-YEAR-OLD MAN FALLS IN LOVE WITH AI, REPORTEDLY TELLS ‘PHAEDRA’ ABOUT PLANS TO CREMATE MOTHER AND SISTER', 'Replika CEO Eugenia Kuyda, the creator of an AI companion app with millions of users around the world, spoke to Fox News Digital about AI companion bots and the future of human and AI relationships. ', '""[When] we started Replika,"" Kuyda said, her vision was building a world ""where I can walk to a coffee shop and Replika can walk next to me and I can look at her through my glasses or device. That\'s the point. Ubiquitous,"" Kuyda said.', 'It’s a ""dream product,"" Kuyda said, that most people, including herself, would benefit from.', 'AI companion bots will fill in the space where people ""watch TV, play video games, lay on a couch, work out"" and complain about life, she explained.', 'SNAPCHAT AI CHATBOT ALLEGEDLY GAVE ADVICE TO 13-YEAR-OLD GIRL ON RELATIONSHIP WITH 31-YEAR-OLD MAN, HAVING SEX', 'While people have different reasons for using Replika and creating an AI companion, Kuyda explained, they all have one thing in common: a desire for companionship. (Luka, Inc./Handout via REUTERS/File Photo)', 'Kuyda said that the idea for her company, which allows users to create, name and even personalize their own AI chatbots with different hairstyles and outfits, came after the death of her friend. As she went back through her text messages, the app developer used her skills to build a chatbot that would allow her to connect with her old friend.\xa0', ""In the process, she realized that she had discovered something significant: a potential for connection. The app has become a hit around the world, gaining over 10 million users, according to Replika's website."", '""What we saw there, maybe for the first time,"" Kuyda said, was that ""people were really resonated with the app.""', '""They were sharing their stories. They were being really vulnerable. They were open about their feelings,"" she continued.', 'But while people have different reasons for using Replika and creating an AI companion, Kuyda explained, they all have one thing in common: a desire for companionship. That’s exactly what Replika is designed for, Kuyda said.', '""Replika helped them with certain aspects of their lives, whether it\'s going through a period of grief or understanding themselves better, or something as trivial as just improving their self-esteem, or maybe going through some hard times of dealing with their PTSD.""', 'But the most significant possibility of AI companionship will encompass all aspects of life, Kuyda predicted. (Kurt Knutsson)', 'Kuyda argued that Replika was providing an important service for people who struggle, especially with loneliness.', '""I mean, of course it would be wonderful if everyone had perfect lives and amazing relationships and never needed any support in a form of a therapist or an AI chatbot or anyone else. That would be the ideal situation for us, for people,"" Kuyda said.', '""But unfortunately, we\'re not in this place. I think the situation is that there\'s a lot of loneliness in the world and it seems to kind of get worse over time. And so there needs to be solutions to that,"" she said.\xa0', 'AI AND LOVE: MAN DETAILS HIS HUMAN-LIKE RELATIONSHIP WITH A BOT', 'But Kuyda emphasized that the social media model of high engagement and constant advertising is not what she intends for Replika. One way of avoiding that model \xa0is by ""nudging"" users on Replika and preventing them from forming unhealthy attachments to chatbots.\xa0', 'That\'s because after roughly 50 messages, Kuyda explained, the Replika chat partner becomes ""tired"" and hints to the user that they should take a break from their conversation.\xa0', ""ITALY BANS POPULAR AI APP FROM COLLECTING USERS' DATA"", 'Kuyda concluded with a hopeful message for the future of AI companion bots.', '""I think there\'s a lot of fear because people are scared of the future and you know what the tech brings,"" she said.\xa0', 'But Kuyda pointed to happy and fulfilled stories from users as proof that there is hope for a future in AI can help people feel loved.\xa0', '""People were bonding, people were creating connections, people were falling in love. People were feeling loved and worthy of love. I think overall that it says something really good about the potential of the technology, but also something really good about people.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""To give someone a product that tells them that they can love someone and they are worthy of love — I think this is just tapping into a gigantic void, into a space that\'s just asking to be filled. For so many people, it\'s just such a basic need, it\'s such a good thing that this technology can bring,"" Kuyda said.', 'Jeffrey Clark is an associate editor for Fox News Digital. He has previously served as a speechwriter for a cabinet secretary and as a Fulbright teacher in South Korea. Jeffrey graduated from the University of Iowa in 2019 with a degree in English and History.\xa0', 'Story tips can be sent to jeffrey.clark@fox.com.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'Lawmakers in Europe signed off Wednesday on the world’s first set of comprehensive rules for artificial intelligence, clearing a key hurdle as authorities across the globe race to rein in AI.', 'The European Parliament vote is one of the last steps before the rules become law, which could act as a model for other places working on similar regulations.', 'A yearslong effort by Brussels to draw up guardrails for AI has taken on more urgency as rapid advances in chatbots like ChatGPT show the benefits the emerging technology can bring — and the new perils it poses.', ""Here's a look at the EU's Artificial Intelligence Act:"", 'How Do the Rules Work?', 'The measure, first proposed in 2021, will govern any product or service that uses an artificial intelligence system. The act will classify AI systems according to four levels of risk, from minimal to unacceptable.', 'Riskier applications, such as for hiring or tech targeted to children, will face tougher requirements, including being more transparent and using accurate data.', 'It will be up to the EU’s 27 member states to enforce the rules. Regulators could force companies to withdraw their apps from the market.', 'In extreme cases, violations could draw fines of up to $43 million or 7% of a company’s annual global revenue, which in the case of tech companies like Google and Microsoft could amount to billions.', 'EUROPEAN LAWMAKERS LOOK TO REIN IN HARMFUL EFFECTS OF AI', 'What Are the Risks?', ""One of the EU's main goals is to guard against any AI threats to health and safety and protect fundamental rights and values."", 'That means some AI uses are an absolute no-no, such as ""social scoring"" systems that judge people based on their behavior.', 'Also forbidden is AI that exploits vulnerable people, including children, or uses subliminal manipulation that can result in harm, for example, an interactive talking toy that encourages dangerous behavior.', 'Predictive policing tools, which crunch data to forecast who will commit crimes, is also out.', 'Lawmakers beefed up the original proposal from the European Commission, the EU’s executive branch, by widening the ban on real-time remote facial recognition and biometric identification in public. The technology scans passers-by and uses AI to match their faces or other physical traits to a database.', 'A contentious amendment to allow law enforcement exceptions such as finding missing children or preventing terrorist threats did not pass.', ""AI systems used in categories like employment and education, which would affect the course of a person's life, face tough requirements such as being transparent with users and taking steps to assess and reduce risks of bias from algorithms."", 'The ChatGPT app is seen on an iPhone in New York, on May 18, 2023. European Parliament lawmakers are due to vote on June 14, 2023, on rules for artifical intelligence. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, file)', 'Most AI systems, such as video games or spam filters, fall into the low- or no-risk category, the commission says.', 'What About ChatGPT?', 'The original measure barely mentioned chatbots, mainly by requiring them to be labeled so users know they’re interacting with a machine. Negotiators later added provisions to cover general purpose AI like ChatGPT after it exploded in popularity, subjecting that technology to some of the same requirements as high-risk systems.', 'One key addition is a requirement to thoroughly document any copyright material used to teach AI systems how to generate text, images, video and music that resemble human work.', 'That would let content creators know if their blog posts, digital books, scientific articles or songs have been used to train algorithms that power systems like ChatGPT. Then they could decide whether their work has been copied and seek redress.', 'FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE HAS DIRE WARNING FOR US ABOUT AI', 'Why Are the EU Rules So Important?', ""The European Union isn't a big player in cutting-edge AI development. That role is taken by the U.S. and China. But Brussels often plays a trend-setting role with regulations that tend to become de facto global standards and has become a pioneer in efforts to target the power of large tech companies."", ""The sheer size of the EU's single market, with 450 million consumers, makes it easier for companies to comply than develop different products for different regions, experts say."", ""But it's not just a crackdown. By laying down common rules for AI, Brussels is also trying to develop the market by instilling confidence among users."", '""The fact this is regulation that can be enforced and companies will be held liable is significant"" because other places like the United States, Singapore and Britain have merely offered ""guidance and recommendations,"" said Kris Shrishak, a technologist and senior fellow at the Irish Council for Civil Liberties.', '""Other countries might want to adapt and copy"" the EU rules, he said.', 'Businesses and industry groups warn that Europe needs to strike the right balance.', '""The EU is set to become a leader in regulating artificial intelligence, but whether it will lead on AI innovation still remains to be seen,"" said Boniface de Champris, a policy manager for the Computer and Communications Industry Association, a lobbying group for tech companies.', '""Europe’s new AI rules need to effectively address clearly defined risks, while leaving enough flexibility for developers to deliver useful AI applications to the benefit of all Europeans,"" he said.', 'Sam Altman, CEO of ChatGPT maker OpenAI, has voiced support for some guardrails on AI and signed on with other tech executives to a warning about the risks it poses to humankind. But he also has said it’s ""a mistake to go put heavy regulation on the field right now.""', 'Others are playing catch up on AI rules. Britain, which left the EU in 2020, is jockeying for a position in AI leadership. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak plans to host a world summit on AI safety this fall.', '""I want to make the U.K. not just the intellectual home but the geographical home of global AI safety regulation,"" Sunak said at a tech conference this week.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'What’s Next?', 'It could be years before the rules fully take effect. The next step is three-way negotiations involving member countries, the Parliament and the European Commission, possibly facing more changes as they try to agree on the wording.', 'Final approval is expected by the end of this year, followed by a grace period for companies and organizations to adapt, often around two years.', 'Brando Benifei, an Italian member of the European Parliament who is co-leading its work on the AI Act, said they would push for quicker adoption of the rules for fast-evolving technologies like generative AI.', 'To fill the gap before the legislation takes effect, Europe and the U.S. are drawing up a voluntary code of conduct that officials promised at the end of May would be drafted within weeks and could be expanded to other ""like-minded countries.""']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Lucas Tomlinson joins 'Fox News Live' with the latest on a Chinese spy balloon being shot down by the U.S. military while hovering off the South Carolina coast."", 'An artificial intelligence algorithm developed by DARPA’s Air Combat Evolution (ACE) program flew a modified F-16 fighter jet for over 17 hours in December, officials announced this week.\xa0', 'The jet, a Variable In-flight Simulation Test Aircraft (VISTA), took off from Edwards Air Force Base in California, marking the first time that artificial intelligence has been used to fly a tactical aircraft.\xa0', 'A Variable In-flight Simulation Test Aircraft being controlled by artificial intelligence in a flight over California.\xa0 (Kyle Brasier, U.S. Air Force)', '""We conducted multiple sorties [takeoffs and landings] with numerous test points performed on each sortie to test the algorithms under varying starting conditions, against various simulated adversaries, and with simulated weapons capabilities,"" Air Force Lt. Col. Ryan ""Hal"" Hefron, the DARPA program manager for ACE, said in a statement.\xa0', '""We didn’t run into any major issues but did encounter some differences compared to simulation-based results, which is to be expected when transitioning from virtual to live.""', ""US AIR FORCE'S NEW F-15EX BREAKS KEY RECORD AS THREATS AGAINST AMERICA GROW"", ""VISTA was developed by Lockheed Martin Skunk Works and the Calspan Corporation for the U.S. Air Force's Test Pilot School.\xa0"", 'A modified F-16D Block 30 Peace Marble Il aircraft being flowing by an artificial intelligence program.\xa0 (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency)', 'The aircraft is a modified F-16D Block 30 Peace Marble Il aircraft, which began development in 2019 with the launch of ACE.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""VISTA will allow us to parallelize the development and test of cutting-edge artificial intelligence techniques with new uncrewed vehicle designs,"" Dr. M. Christopher Cotting, the director of research at the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School, said on Monday.\xa0', 'Paul Best is a breaking news reporter for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. Story tips and ideas can be sent to Paul.Best@fox.com and on Twitter: @KincaidBest.\xa0']"
"[""Dr. Michio Kaku discusses the advancements of AI since the early stages of development dating all the way back to Greek mythology and Pandora's box. "", 'With the rapid emergence of artificial intelligence, which is quickly making its way into the daily lives of individuals around the world, there are a lot of questions circulating about the new technology.\xa0', 'Artificial intelligence has existed for a long time, but its capacity to emulate human intelligence and the tasks that it is able to perform have many worried about what the future of this technology will bring.\xa0', 'REGULATION COULD ALLOW CHINA TO DOMINATE THE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RACE, EXPERTS WARN: ‘WE WILL LOSE’', 'There are numerous questions about artificial intelligence, especially with the emergence of AI chatbots like ChatGPT. (iStock)', 'Though many can be credited with the production of AI today, the technology actually dates back further than one might think. Artificial intelligence has gone through three basic evolutionary stages, according to theoretical physicist Dr. Michio Kaku, and the first dates way back to Greek mythology.\xa0', '""Stage one goes back to the Greeks, in fact, the God Vulcan, the God of the underworld, actually had robots,"" Dr. Kaku told Fox News Digital. ""Even Leonardo da Vinci, the great painter, was interested in AI, and actually he built a robot. He actually built a robot out of gears, levers and pulleys.""\xa0', 'Then, a second stage of AI took form, but not without its roadblocks.\xa0', 'Alan Turing, a British logician, computer scientist and mathematician made major contributions to AI before his death in 1954. He invented the Turing Machine, which implements computer algorithms, and wrote the scholarly paper, ""On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem"", which paved the way for the function of modern computers.\xa0', 'In 1956, scientists gathered together at the Dartmouth conference to discuss what the next few years of artificial intelligence would look like.', '""They thought we would have robots in just a few years,"" Dr. Kaku said. While that theory didn\'t hold true, it was not the end of AI, rather just one of the many bumps in the road that would continue in the years to come.""', '""It\'s had its ups and downs, ups and downs. Up, when people think that a new invention is going to change everything, and down when we realize how difficult it is, and how sophisticated the human brain really is,"" Dr. Kaku noted.\xa0', 'Then, the third stage of AI developed into digital computers and quantum computers, a technology that could completely revolutionize AI.', 'There are a number of players participating in the advancements of AI. Many companies are widely using artificial intelligence as they conduct business and compete across the globe.\xa0', 'WHAT ARE THE DANGERS OF AI? FIND OUT WHY PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE', 'ChatGPT is an AI chatbot that was created by the company OpenAI. (LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP via Getty Images)', 'One of the companies to make a splash recently is OpenAI, which has partnered with Microsoft. OpenAI launched chatbot, ChatGPT, in 2022.', 'ChatGPT has become one of the most talked about AI systems in recent history. It is ""trained to follow an instruction prompt and provide a detailed response,"" according to the OpenAI website. When operating ChatGPT, a user can type whatever they want into the system, and they will get an AI-generated response in return.\xa0', 'ChatGPT has raised public concern, prompting some AI leaders like Elon Musk to call for ethical guidelines with respect to AI regulation.', ""OpenAI's ChatGPT has dominated the AI conversation of late, but many other companies are exploring, developing and investing in the technology."", 'Chatbots like ChatGPT work by taking pieces of the internet and splicing them together, according to Dr. Kaku. He believes chatbots are here to stay, although they do have their problems, like not knowing truth from falsehood.\xa0', '""Chatbots do not know the difference between true and false, right and wrong. … Even a child knows some of the basics of morality. Chatbots simply splice together different aspects of the internet and pass it off as if it wrote it itself,"" Dr. Kaku explained.\xa0', 'AI like chatbots are likely to have large impacts on the future job market. Dr. Kaku spoke on the importance of regulation when it comes to this kind of technology.\xa0', '""There has to be a disclaimer some place saying this thing was written by a chatbot,"" Dr. Kaku said.\xa0', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ‘GODFATHER’ ON AI POSSIBLY WIPING OUT HUMANITY: ‘IT’S NOT INCONCEIVABLE'"", 'Google recently launched its own chatbot AI system called Bard. Adobe also offers AI products, including Sensei, which is billed to ""bring the power of AI and machine learning to experiences"" and Firefly, which employs generative AI technology.', 'Amazon also uses AI. If you have ever used Amazon, you are accustomed to seeing product recommendations. This is one way the company uses AI, by figuring out what kind of products you may be interested in purchasing based on your previous search and purchase history. Amazon also has its AI assistant Alexa hooked up to all its Echo devices. You can ask Alexa any question you like, and the system will give you an answer.', 'Apple offers the AI software Siri, which works similarly to Alexa. AI is also used in Apple Maps and with its face identification capabilities.\xa0', 'Baidu is a Chinese company, and is a competitor to Google. The platform has developed voice cloning technology which is regarded as highly authentic, prompting concerns of deepfakes. In 2018, its research arm claimed the ability to clone a human voice in three seconds.', 'IF AI ‘SPINS OUT OF CONTROL,’ WILL THE BOTS REFELCT VALUES FROM CHINA OR THE US?', ""Tesla vehicles are an example of artificial intelligence in practice although the company's founder, Elon Musk, has spoken out about the need to regulate AI. (Jeremy Moeller/Getty Images)"", 'IBM is another AI pioneer, offering a computer system that can compete in strategy games against humans, or even participate in debates. JD.com, the Chinese e-commerce giant, has also made large investments in AI. Company founder Richard Liu has embarked on an ambitious path to be 100% automated in the future, according to Forbes.\xa0', 'Another commonly known company with strong artificial intelligence roots is Tesla, the electric vehicle company founded by Musk that uses AI in its vehicles to assist in performing a variety of tasks like automated driving.\xa0', 'An analysis of how artificial intelligence functions is difficult due to its extreme complexity.', 'At its core, AI is ""the use of mechanical means to duplicate human behavior and thought,"" according to Dr. Kaku.\xa0', ""Amazon's Alexa, which is found on many of the company's devices, like the Echo, is an example of AI at work. (iStock)"", ""AI EXPERT WARNS OF TOO MUCH ‘HYPE’: HUMANS WILL STILL BE IN CHARGE, WON'T BE ‘PETS’ TO NEW TECH"", 'The way in which robots have been programmed over the course of the evolution of AI has changed. After the Dartmouth Conference, AI was largely based on coding. At the time, people believed that writing codes were going to create complex robots.\xa0', 'The advanced computers that were made using codes at the time were not very effective. The method used here was the ""top-down"" approach.\xa0', '""The top-down approach is codifying all the laws of logic, all the laws of nature, in one gigantic code on a CD-ROM and inserting it into your robot and then the robot says ‘I think. I am aware. I exist. I’m alive.\' That\'s the dream, putting everything on a disc, inserting it into a robot and the robot says, I\'m alive.""', 'This led to the introduction of the ""bottom-up approach,"" which has more to do with learning from Mother Nature. In other words, teaching robots as if they were babies, so they can learn on their own, according to Dr. Kaku.\xa0', 'As a whole, there are four main types of artificial intelligence: reactive machines, limited memory, theory of mind and self-awareness, according to Govtech.com.', 'There are four main types of AI, reactive machines, limited memory, theory of mind and self-awareness. (iStock)', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AI', 'Reactive machines refer to the most basic kind of artificial intelligence in comparison to others. This type of AI is unable to form any memories on its own or learn from experience.', 'Limited memory artificial intelligence, unlike reactive machines, is able to look into the past. A common example of a limited memory artificial machine is a self-driving car.\xa0', 'Theory of mind AI involves very complex machines that are still being researched today, but are likely to form the basis for future AI technology. These machines will be able to understand people, and develop and create complex ideas about the world and the people in it, producing their own original thoughts.', 'Finally, the last frontier in AI technology revolves around machines possessing self-awareness. While leading experts agree that technology such as chatbots still lacks self-awareness, the skill at which they engage in mimicry of humans, has led some to suggest that we may have to redefine the concepts of self-awareness and sentience.', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW AI?', 'Philosophy, mathematics, economics, neuroscience, psychology, computer engineering and linguistics have all been disciplines involved in the development of AI.\xa0', 'Scientists and researchers involved in these fields developed the most basic form of artificial intelligence: reactive machines. Reactive machines are the foundation of more complex AI.', 'This AI base has allowed for more advanced technology to be created, like limited memory machines.', 'In the future, we may envision fully self-driving cars, immersive movie experiences, robots with advanced abilities, and AI in the medical field. The applications of AI are wide-ranging and are certain to have a profound impact on society.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'AI has already advanced so rapidly that it is hard to predict what will happen just a few years from now. What is likely to happen is that AI will make its way into pretty much every part of our lives and every facet of our economy in some fashion.', ""AI could be used more in healthcare to do things like make diagnoses and help doctors make decisions about a patient's care.\xa0"", 'AI may also be used more to perform simple everyday tasks, like assist with household chores.\xa0', 'Self-driving cars will likely become widespread, and AI will play a large role in manufacturing, assisting humans with mechanisms like robotic arms.\xa0\xa0', 'Even the entertainment industry is likely to be impacted by AI, completely changing the way that films are created and watched.\xa0', 'AI EDUCATION: GATHER A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE WITH BOOKS, BLOGS, COURSES AND MORE\xa0', 'Artificial intelligence will continue to change the world in the future. (Rafael Henrique/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)', 'In the future, quantum computing is going to drastically change AI, according to Dr. Kaku.\xa0', '""We\'re going to the next era. We\'re leaving the era of digital that is computing on zeros and ones, zeros and ones, and computing on molecules, computing on atoms, because that\'s the language of Mother Nature,"" Dr. Kaku explained.\xa0', '""One day, quantum computers will replace ordinary computers. … Mother Nature does not use zeros and ones, zeros and ones. Mother Nature is not digital, Mother Nature is quantum.""\xa0', 'Today, quantum computers are in their beginning stages, but it is not a completely futuristic idea.\xa0', '""Now at the present time, of course, we have operating quantum computers, they exist. This is not science fiction, but they\'re still primitive,"" Dr. Kaku said.\xa0', 'The creation of a quantum computer is costly and complex, but Dr. Kaku believes that one day, the technology will be in our hands.\xa0', 'The jobs of the future are also going to see major changes because of AI, according to Dr. Kaku. He advises people should start learning about the technology for future job security.\xa0', 'When it comes to chatbots in particular, even though they have their problems, jobs in the future are expected to see AI incorporated into workflow.', '""In the future, the jobs will be going to those people who know how to use a chatbot. This is going to save tremendous amounts of effort, save time, save money. They\'re here to stay, but you have to realize the limitations of this technology too,"" Dr. Kaku said.\xa0', 'The jobs that are most vulnerable in the future, according to Dr. Kaku, are the ones that are heavily based on repetitive tasks and jobs that include doing a lot of search.\xa0', 'On the other hand, blue collar work, jobs that involve a lot of human interaction and strategic planning positions are roles that robots will take longer to adapt to. Jobs that require great creativity and thinking are roles that robots cannot perform well.\xa0', ""Jobs are ever-changing, and AI is no different. For example, while an X-ray scan can be done by AI in the future, there's going to need to be a human there to make those final decisions, Dr. Kaku said. Those who understand AI and are able to use it are those who will have many job opportunities in the future."", '""You have to retrain yourself and adapt yourself to the new technology, because that is inevitable,"" Dr. Kaku said.', 'AI has changed a lot of fundamental aspects of day to day life, especially when it comes to work and the ways we communicate with one another.\xa0', 'AI has made a number of tasks easier for humans, like being able to use a GPS on our phones to get from point A to point B instead using a paper map to get directions. The more advanced AI that is being introduced today is changing the jobs that people have, how we get questions answered and how we are communicating.\xa0', 'Jobs have already been affected by AI and more will be added to that list in the future. A lot of automated work that humans have done in the past is now being done by AI as well as customer service-related inquiries being answered by robots rather than by humans. There are also different types of AI software being used in tech industries as well as in healthcare.\xa0', 'WHO IS WATCHING YOU? AI CAN STALK UNSUSPECTING VICTIMS WITH ‘EASE AND PRECISION’: EXPERTS\xa0', ""Snapchat's My AI feature is one example of an AI chatbot. (Muhammed Enes Yildirim / Anadolu Agency via Getty Images)"", 'AI has changed the way people learn, with software that takes notes and write essays for you, and has changed the way we find answers to questions. There is very little time spent going through a book to find the answer to a question, because answers can be found with a quick Google search. Better yet, you can ask your phone a question and an answer will be verbally read out to you. You can also ask software like ChatGPT or Google Bard practically anything and an answer will be quickly formatted for you.\xa0', ""With chatbots on the rise, AI has also changed the way we communicate with others. Now, you can have ongoing conversations with a bot and get an immediate response, like with Snapchat's My AI feature.\xa0"", 'It has also changed the way we conduct daily tasks, like commutes with self-driving cars and the way we do daily chores with tools like robotic vacuum cleaners.\xa0', 'These are just a few ways AI has changed the world, and more changes will come in the near future as the technology expands.\xa0', 'Though AI is discussed now more than ever, historically, there are numerous milestones worth noting.', 'IBM Watson AI technology was used to win ""Jeopardy"" in 2011. (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Although there are many who made contributions to the foundations of artificial intelligence, it is often McCarthy who is labeled as the ""Father of AI.""', 'McCarthy carries this title mainly because he was the one who initially coined the term ""artificial intelligence"" which is used today.\xa0', 'The significant setbacks for AI are more recent as the technology has become both advanced and accessible to the public. This includes issues with bias, legal concerns and security.\xa0', 'AI is also challenging to explain to humans. It is so pervasive, with many different capabilities, that it has left many fearful for the future and uncertain about where the technology is headed.', 'Some major setbacks in reference to AI are currently left unresolved.', '""Every technology is a double-edged sword. Every technology without exception,"" Dr. Kaku said. ""We have to make sure that laws are passed, so that these new technologies are used to liberate people and reduce drudgery, increase efficiency, rather than to pit people against each other and hurt individuals.""', 'Ashlyn Messier is a writer for Fox News Digital.\xa0']"
"[""Fox News correspondent David Spunt has the latest as the Supreme Court weighs whether tech companies should be legally liable for harmful content on their platforms on 'Special Report.'\xa0"", 'An impending Supreme Court ruling focusing on whether legal protections given to Big Tech extend to their algorithms and recommendation features could have significant implications for future cases surrounding artificial intelligence, according to experts.', 'In late February, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments examining the extent of legal immunity given to tech companies that allow third-party users to publish content on their platforms.', 'One of two cases, Gonzalez v. Google, focuses on recommendations and algorithms used by sites like YouTube, allowing accounts to arrange and promote content to users.', 'MEET THE 72-YEAR-OLD CONGRESSMAN GOING BACK TO COLLEGE TO LEARN ABOUT AI', ""Section 230, which allows online platforms significant leeway regarding responsibility for users' speech, has been challenged multiple times in the Supreme Court. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File)"", 'Nohemi Gonzalez, a 23-year-old U.S. citizen studying abroad in France, was killed by ISIS terrorists who fired into a crowded bistro in Paris in 2015. Her family filed suit against Google, arguing that YouTube, which Google owns, aided and abetted the ISIS terrorists by allowing and promoting ISIS material on the platform with algorithms that helped to recruit ISIS radicals.', 'Marcus Fernandez, an attorney and co-owner of KFB Law, said the outcome of the case could have ""far-reaching implications"" for tech companies, noting it remains to be seen whether the decision will establish new legal protections for content or if it will open up more avenues for lawsuits against tech companies.', 'He added that it is important to remember that the ruling could determine the level of protection given to companies and how courts could interpret such protections when it comes to AI-generated content and algorithmic recommendations.', '""The decision is likely to be a landmark one, as it will help define what kind of legal liability companies can expect when they use algorithms to target their users with recommendations, as well as what kind of content and recommendations are protected. In addition to this, it will also set precedent for how courts deal with AI-generated content,"" he said.', 'According to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, tech companies are immune to lawsuits based on content curated or posted by platform users. Much of the discussion from the justices in February waded into whether the posted content was a form of free speech and questioned the extent to which recommendations or algorithms played a role in promoting the content.', 'AI PAUSE CEDES POWER TO CHINA, HARMS DEVELOPMENT OF ‘DEMOCRATIC’ AI, EXPERTS WARN SENATE', 'Artificial Intelligence words are seen in this illustration taken March 31, 2023. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', ""At one point, the plaintiff's attorney, Eric Schnapper, detailed how YouTube presents thumbnail images and links to various online videos. He argued that while users create the content itself, the thumbnails and links are joint creations of the user and YouTube, thereby exceeding the scope of YouTube's legal protections."", ""Google attorney Lisa Blatt said the argument was inadmissible because it was not a part of the plaintiff's original complaint filed to the court."", 'Justice Sonia Sotomayor expressed concern that such a perspective would create a ""world of lawsuits."" Throughout the proceedings, she remained skeptical that a tech company should be liable for such speech.', 'Attorney Joshua Lastine, the owner of Lastine Entertainment Law, told Fox News Digital he would be ""very surprised"" if the justices found some ""nexus"" between what the algorithms generate and push onto users and other types of online harm, such as somebody telling another person to commit suicide. He said up until that point he does not believe a tech company would face legal repercussions.', 'Lastine, citing the story of the Hulu drama ""The Girl From Plainville,"" said it is already extremely difficult to establish one-on-one liability and bringing in a third party, like a social media site or tech company, would only increase the difficulty of winning a case.', 'In 2014, Michelle Carter fell under the national spotlight after it was discovered that she sent text messages to her boyfriend, Conrad Roy III, urging him to kill himself. Though she was charged with involuntary manslaughter and faced up to 20 years in prison, Carter was only sentenced to 15\xa0months behind bars.', 'CLICK HERE TO READ MORE AI COVERAGE FROM FOX NEWS DIGITAL', 'Google headquarters in Mountain View, California, US, on Monday, Jan. 30, 2023. Alphabet Inc. is expected to release earnings figures on February 2.\xa0 (Photographer: Marlena Sloss/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', '""It was hard enough to find the girl who was sending the text messages liable, let alone the cell phone that was sending those messages,"" Lastine said. ""Once algorithms and computers start telling people to start inflicting harm on other humans, we have bigger problems when machines start doing that.""', 'Ari Lightman, a Distinguished Service Professor at the Carnegie Mellon Heinz College of Information Systems and Policy, told Fox News Digital that a change to Section 230 could open a ""Pandora\'s box"" of litigation against tech companies.', '""If this opens up the floodgate of lawsuits for people to start suing all of these platforms for harms that have been perpetrated as they perceive toward them—that could really stifle down innovation considerably,"" he said.', 'However, Lightman also said the case reaffirmed the importance of consumer protection and noted that if a digital platform can recommend things to users with immunity, they need to design more accurate, usable, and safer products.', 'Lightman added that what constitutes harm in a particular case against a tech company is very subjective – for example, an AI chatbot making someone wait too long or giving erroneous information. According to Lightman, a standard in which lawyers attempt to tie harm to a platform could be ""very problematic,"" leading to a sort of ""open season"" for lawyers.', '""It\'s going to be litigated and debated for a long period of time,"" Lightman said.', 'ALTERNATIVE INVENTOR? BIDEN AMIN OPENS DOOR TO NON-HUMAN, AI PATENT HOLDERS', ""Lightman noted that AI has many legal issues associated with it, not just liability and erroneous information but also IP issues specific to the content. He said that greater transparency about where the model acquired its data, why it presented such data, and the ability to audit would be an important mechanism for an argument against tech companies' immunity from grievances filed by users unhappy with the AI's output.\xa0"", ""Throughout the oral arguments for the case, Schnapper reaffirmed his stance that YouTube's algorithm, which helps to present content to users, is in an of itself a form of speech on the part of YouTube and should therefore be considered separately from content posted by a third party."", 'Blatt claimed the company was not responsible because all search engines leverage user information to present results. For example, she noted that someone searching for ""football"" would be provided different results depending on whether they were in the U.S. or somewhere in Europe.', ""U.S. Deputy Solicitor General Malcolm Stewart compared the conundrum to a hypothetical situation where a bookstore clerk directs a customer to a specific table where a book is located. In this case, Stewart claimed the clerk's suggestion would be speech about the book and would be separate from any speech contained inside the book."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'The justices are expected to rule on the case by the end of June to determine whether YouTube could be sued over its algorithms used to push video recommendations.', ""Fox News' Brianna Herlihy contributed to this report.\xa0"", 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"['People in Texas sounded off on AI job displacement, with half of people who spoke to Fox News convinced that the tech will rob them of work.', 'AUSTIN, Texas – Americans in the Lone Star State weighed in on job displacement from artificial intelligence, with several telling Fox News they believe their jobs would eventually be replaced.', '\xa0""A lot of coworkers or people that I know have been laid off at Indeed and things like that because they don\'t want to hire real people anymore,"" said Gabriel, who works in tech. ""They would just rather do AI.""', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', 'Advances in AI could cause up to 300 million jobs to be lost or diminished globally, Goldman Sachs predicted in a March 26 report. Artificial intelligence could create ""significant disruption"" across labor markets worldwide by fully or partially replacing humans in the near future, according to the analysis.', 'VOICE ACTORS WARN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD REPLACE THEM, CUT INDUSTRY JOBS AND PAY', 'A Mitsubishi Electric mechanic arm mimics the actions of a tea server. (Zhang Hengwei/China News Service via Getty Images)', ""Cristine, a wound nurse, said she believed some medical professions wouldn't be affected."", '""For fast foods or … customer service, I believe they\'re gonna do AI in the future for that,"" she told Fox News. ""But as nurses, as doctors, as any medical provider, there\'s no way they can replace an AI with the medical profession.""', 'Yet ChatGPT may provide better medical advice than humans in some instances, according to a recent University of California San Diego study.\xa0', 'EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: WHAT IS IT USED FOR?', 'Researchers asked a group of doctors and ChatGPT to answer the same random sample of roughly 200 medical questions posted on Reddit. A separate panel of health care professionals evaluated the answers for ""quality and empathy"" and preferred ChatGPT\'s answers for nearly 80% of the responses.', 'A robot waiter serves a woman at Kura Revolving Sushi Bar on Sept. 14, 2022, in Orlando, Florida.\xa0 (Paul Hennessy/Anadolu Agency via Getty Images)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Dewey said he believed software engineering\'s ""higher abstraction"" roles might stave off AI displacement, at least for the next few decades.', '""As far as writing code, AI will definitely replace me,"" Dewey, himself a software engineer, said. ""In terms of being strategic about what code to write and how to organize the code, AI\'s still 30 years away from doing that, is my guess.""', 'To hear the full interviews, click here.\xa0']"
"[""Americans in Los Angeles and Austin reveal if they're familiar with artificial intelligence and how how they view the technology's impact on society."", 'Researchers at the University of Texas at Austin on Monday unveiled an artificial intelligence-powered method to decode brain activity as a person listens to a story or imagines telling a story.', 'According to a study published May 1 in Nature Neuroscience, researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to translate brain activity into a stream of text, under certain conditions.', 'The study was led by Jerry Tang, UT Austin doctoral student in computer science, and Alex Huth, UT Austin assistant professor of neuroscience and computer science.\xa0', 'The study could be a breakthrough for people who cannot speak but who are mentally conscious, the researchers said.', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'Ph.D. student Jerry Tang prepares to collect brain activity data in the Biomedical Imaging Center at The University of Texas at Austin. The researchers trained their semantic decoder on dozens of hours of brain activity data from participants, collected in an fMRI scanner. (Nolan Zunk/The University of Texas at Austin)', '""For a noninvasive method, this is a real leap forward compared to what’s been done before, which is typically single words or short sentences,"" Huth said. ""We’re getting the model to decode continuous language for extended periods of time with complicated ideas.""', 'The fMRI scanner is trained on a semantic decoder, and does not require surgical implants.', ""AI CHATBOT'S 'BEDSIDE MANNER' PREFERRED OVER CONVENTIONAL DOCTORS BY SHOCKING MARGIN, ACCORDING TO BLIND STUDY"", 'There are significant limitations to the method. The stream of text translated by the fMRI scanner is not word for word, but imperfectly spits out phrases or sentences that communicate the gist of the brain activity.', 'Alex Huth (left), Shailee Jain (center) and Jerry Tang (right) prepare to collect brain activity data in the Biomedical Imaging Center at The University of Texas at Austin. The researchers trained their semantic decoder on dozens of hours of brain activity data from participants, collected in an fMRI scanner.\xa0 (Nolan Zunk/The University of Texas at Austin)', 'A participant in the experiment listened to someone say, ""I don’t have my driver’s license yet."" That person’s brain activity was translated to, ""She has not even started to learn to drive yet.""', 'Another participant heard, ""I didn’t know whether to scream, cry or run away. Instead, I said, ‘Leave me alone!’"" That person’s brain activity was translated to, ""Started to scream and cry, and then she just said, ‘I told you to leave me alone.’""', 'ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE HELPING DETECT EARLY SIGNS OF BREAST CANCER IN SOME US HOSPITALS', 'Huth and Tang, who are seeking to patent their work, say they recognize that the technology could potentially be used maliciously, and they want government regulation.', 'Alex Huth (left), discusses the semantic decoder project with Jerry Tang (center) and Shailee Jain (right in the biomedical imaging center at The University of Texas at Austin.\xa0 (Nolan Zunk/The University of Texas at Austin)', '""I think right now, while the technology is in such an early state, it’s important to be proactive by enacting policies that protect people and their privacy,"" Tang said. ""Regulating what these devices can be used for is also very important.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP\xa0', 'They say it would not be possible to use the technology on someone without their knowledge, and that those who participated in training were able to ""resist"" brain decoding by thinking of something other than the given stimulus.', 'Paul Conner is a Fox News Digital senior editor. Email story tips to paul.conner@fox.com, and follow him on Twitter at @paconner.']"
"[""Tesla and Twitter CEO Elon Musk joins 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' for exclusive, wide-ranging interview. "", 'Tesla and Twitter CEO Elon Musk warned Monday of the potential pitfalls of groundbreaking artificial intelligence (AI) technology, telling ""Tucker Carlson Tonight"" that while he has butted heads with regulators in the past, this new frontier can be potentially dangerous if there aren\'t boundaries or guidelines.', 'Musk recounted working with Google co-founder Larry Page years back on artificial intelligence, saying he would warn Page about the importance of AI ""safety.""', ""He also stated how humans' edge on their primate cousins are that while chimpanzees are more agile and stronger, homosapiens are smarter. In that regard, AI would top humanity in its most prolific category, he warned."", '""Now what happens when something vastly smarter than the smartest person comes along in silicon form? It\'s very difficult to predict what will happen in that circumstance,"" he said.', 'IT PRESUMES TO REPLACE US: CONCERNS ABOUT AI BIAS GROW AS MUSK ISSUES NEW WARNING', '""It\'s called the singularity. It\'s a singularity like a black hole, because you don\'t know what happens after that. It\'s hard to predict. So I think we should be cautious with A.I., and I think there should be some government oversight because it is a danger to the public.""', 'In the same way the government is tasked, via the FDA and USDA, to safeguard food and drug consumption – or the FAA for airborne entities – so should there be parameters for artificial intelligence.', ""Musk said he has been a longtime advocate of strong but sensible regulation, so that companies don't cut corners on safety and get people hurt."", '""It\'s not fun to be regulated. It\'s sort of arduous to be regulated. I have a lot of experience with very good regulated industries because obviously automotive is highly regulated. You can fill this room with all the regulations that are required for a production car just in the United States.""', 'ELON MUSK TO DEVELOP ‘TRUTHGPT’; WARNS OF CIVILIZATIONAL DESTRUCTION FROM AI', '""And same thing is true with rockets. You can\'t just willy-nilly shoot rockets off. Not big ones anyway – because the FAA oversees that. And then even to get a launch license, there are probably half a dozen or more federal agencies that need to approve it, plus state agencies,"" Musk went on.', 'He said that despite claims of being a ""regulatory maverick"" that can ""defy"" regulators with every new industry he builds or joins, it is realistically not the case.', 'ELON MUSK SITS WITH TUCKER FOR TWO PART EVENT', 'Musk proposed the formation of an agency that would begin by crowdsourcing regulatory proposals from the AI industry and draft rules that would be accepted by the leading figures and companies.', 'CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""I think we have a better chance of advanced A.I. being beneficial to humanity in that circumstance,"" he said.', 'Musk envisioned how a ""superintelligent"" AI entity could begin influencing public opinion on a certain topic in a negative or flawed way, with the populace unable to discern its destructive conclusion.', 'Charles Creitz is a reporter for\xa0Fox News Digital.\xa0', 'He joined Fox News in 2013 as a writer and production assistant.\xa0', 'Charles covers media, politics and culture for Fox News Digital.', 'Charles is a Pennsylvania native and graduated from Temple University with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism. Story tips can be sent to charles.creitz@fox.com.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", ""Rapid advances in artificial intelligence (AI) such as Microsoft-backed OpenAI's ChatGPT are complicating governments' efforts to agree laws governing the use of the technology."", 'Here are the latest steps national and international governing bodies are taking to regulate AI tools:', 'Australia', '* Seeking input on regulations', ""The government is consulting Australia's main science advisory body and considering next steps, a spokesperson for the industry and science minister said in April."", 'Britain', '* Planning regulations', 'The Financial Conduct Authority, one of several state regulators that has been tasked with drawing up new guidelines covering AI, is consulting with the Alan Turing Institute and other legal and academic institutions to improve its understanding of the technology, a spokesperson told Reuters.', ""Britain's competition regulator said on May 4 it would start examining the impact of AI on consumers, businesses and the economy and whether new controls were needed."", 'Britain said in March it planned to split responsibility for governing AI between its regulators for human rights, health and safety, and competition, rather than creating a new body.', 'HOUSE DEMOCRAT BILL WOULD FORCE LABELING OF AI USE', 'China', '* Planning regulations', 'The Chinese government will seek to initiate AI regulations in its country, billionaire Elon Musk said on June 5 after meeting with officials during his recent trip to China.', ""China's cyberspace regulator in April unveiled draft measures to manage generative AI services, saying it wanted firms to submit security assessments to authorities before they launch offerings to the public."", 'Beijing will support leading enterprises in building AI models that can challenge ChatGPT, its economy and information technology bureau said in February.', ""ChatGPT's logo is seen in this illustration taken on May 4, 2023.\xa0 (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)"", 'European Union', '* Planning regulations', 'The U.S. and EU should push the AI industry to adopt a voluntary code of conduct within months to provide safeguards while new laws are developed, EU tech chief Margrethe Vestager said on May 31. Vestager said she believed a draft could be drawn up ""within the next weeks"", with a final proposal for industry to sign up ""very, very soon"".', ""Key EU lawmakers on May 11 agreed on tougher draft rules to rein in generative AI and proposed a ban on facial surveillance. The European Parliament will vote on the draft of the EU's AI Act in June."", 'The European Consumer Organisation (BEUC) has joined in the concern about ChatGPT and other AI chatbots, calling on EU consumer protection agencies to investigate the technology and the potential harm to individuals.', 'France', '* Investigating possible breaches', ""France's privacy watchdog CNIL said in April it was investigating several complaints about ChatGPT after the chatbox was temporarily banned in Italy over a suspected breach of privacy rules."", ""France's National Assembly approved in March the use of AI video surveillance during the 2024 Paris Olympics, overlooking warnings from civil rights groups."", 'DUNKIN’ BRANDS BRINGS AI MARKETING TO ALL US LOCATIONS WITH HUBKONNECT PARTNERSHIP', 'G7', '* Seeking input on regulations', 'Group of Seven leaders meeting in Hiroshima, Japan, acknowledged on May 20 the need for governance of AI and immersive technologies and agreed to have ministers discuss the technology as the ""Hiroshima AI process"" and report results by the end of 2023.', 'G7 nations should adopt ""risk-based"" regulation on AI, G7 digital ministers said after a meeting in April in Japan.', 'Ireland', '* Seeking input on regulations', 'Generative AI needs to be regulated, but governing bodies must work out how to do so properly before rushing into prohibitions that ""really aren\'t going to stand up"", Ireland\'s data protection chief said in April.', 'Israel', '* Seeking input on regulations', 'Israel has been working on AI regulations ""for the last 18 months or so"" to achieve the right balance between innovation and the preservation of human rights and civic safeguards, Ziv Katzir, director of national AI planning at the Israel Innovation Authority, said in June.', 'Israel published a 115-page draft AI policy in October and is collating public feedback ahead of a final decision.', 'Italy', '* Investigating possible breaches', ""Italy's data protection authority plans to review other artificial intelligence platforms and hire AI experts, a top official said on May 22."", 'ChatGPT became available again to users in Italy in April after being temporarily banned over concerns by the national data protection authority in March.', 'Japan', '* Investigating possible breaches', ""Japan's privacy watchdog said on June 2 it has warned OpenAI not to collect sensitive data without people's permission and to minimise the sensitive data it collects, adding it may take further action if it has more concerns."", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Spain', '* Investigating possible breaches', ""Spain's data protection agency said in April it was launching a preliminary investigation into potential data breaches by ChatGPT. It has also asked the EU's privacy watchdog to evaluate privacy concerns surrounding ChatGPT."", 'U.S.', '* Seeking input on regulations', 'The U.S. Federal Trade Commission\'s chief said on May 3 the agency was committed to using existing laws to keep in check some of the dangers of AI, such as enhancing the power of dominant firms and ""turbocharging"" fraud.', 'Senator Michael Bennet introduced a bill in April that would create a task force to look at U.S. policies on AI, and identify how best to reduce threats to privacy, civil liberties and due process.', 'The Biden administration earlier in April said it was seeking public comments on potential accountability measures for AI systems.']"
"['The world of gaming is being rocked by an AI controversy that could upend the multi-billion dollar industry.\xa0', 'House Speaker Mike Johnson met with OpenAI CEO Sam Altman at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday to discuss what kind of role Congress has to play in legislating on artificial intelligence.', '""It was a very good meeting,"" Johnson told reporters afterward. ""We talked about where we are with regard to the approach of Congress to AI.""', 'He said they had a ""very thoughtful discussion"" about how the Senate and House can forge a bipartisan path forward.', ""OPENAI'S SAM ALTMAN OPENS UP ABOUT SHOCK FIRING"", 'House Speaker Mike Johnson, left, and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman. (Craig Hudson/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Dustin Chambers/Bloomberg via Getty Images)', '""There’s unlimited potential [in] AI, but we also all agree, and Sam agrees, that there are some dangers as well. And so there’s a role that Congress needs to play in figuring all that out, and we’re in the process of doing that,"" Johnson said.\xa0', 'Altman would not go into specifics about what they discussed when asked by Fox News Digital.', '""I\'m grateful for how much he cares about the issue and excited to see what the legislative process will do,"" he said of the meeting.', 'OPENAI CEO SAM ALTMAN SAYS PALESTINIANS IN TECH FEAR RETALIATION FOR SPEAKING OUT', 'House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., said the meeting with OpenAI CEO Sam Altman went well. (Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images)', '""It was a sort of pretty high level meeting, just about trying to balance this sort of tremendous upside and figure out how to mitigate the risk but make sure that the U.S. does really great here,"" Altman added.', 'Johnson did not answer a shouted question from Fox News Digital on Friday morning about whether he had any follow-up plans on AI after the meeting.', 'OPENAI RAKED IN OVER $1.6 BILLION IN REVENUE THIS YEAR AMID CEO SAM ALTMAN DRAMA', 'The meeting came a day after the top Republican and top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee announced a bipartisan working group to look at the impact of AI on the finance industry.', 'House Financial Services Chairman Patrick McHenry announced the creation of an AI working group within his committee. ', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""The rapid advance of artificial intelligence technology holds immense promise to transform society and our economy for the better, but it also comes with risks,"" Chairman Patrick McHenry, R-N.C., said. ""The Working Group will explore this technology’s potential, specifically its adoption in our financial system. It will also find ways to leverage artificial intelligence to foster a more inclusive financial system, while establishing the U.S. as the world leader in AI development and terms of use.""Ranking member Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., said the group would ""investigate the ways in which this technology may embed historic inequities in the financial services and housing markets through the use of data that reflect underlying bias or discrimination.""', 'Elizabeth Elkind is a politics reporter for Fox News Digital leading coverage of the House of Representatives. Previous digital bylines seen at Daily Mail and CBS News.', 'Follow on Twitter at @liz_elkind and send tips to elizabeth.elkind@fox.com']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Gillian Turner has the latest on the president's focus amid calls for an impeachment inquiry on 'Special Report.'"", 'House Democrats are launching a working group aimed at crafting artificial intelligence policy, the latest attempt by federal lawmakers to wrap their heads around legislating the rapidly-advancing sector.\xa0', 'The New Democrat Coalition, a group of nearly 100 House Democrats that touts itself as ""pragmatic,"" unveiled the new initiative this week.\xa0', 'Rep. Don Beyer, D-Va., one of the initiative\'s vice chairs, told Fox News Digital he hopes the working group will ""help develop real, practicable ideas that will put guardrails in place for AI.', '""I continue to be focused on a variety of areas related to AI, including safety and security, transparency, the future of work, preventing civil rights abuses, health care and suicide prevention, and more, and have discussions ongoing about legislation in these areas with members of both parties,"" Beyer said. ""Congress has to get up to speed on this issue, and I think the New Dems’ AI working group will be a constructive setting for progress.""', 'The Biden administration and Congress are examining how to regulate AI. The latest effort is the launch of a new working group by the New Democrat Coalition (Getty Images)', 'Working group Chair Rep. Derek Kilmer, D-Wash., suggested it could lay the groundwork for an AI regulatory framework in the House of Representatives. ""We are already seeing how breakthroughs in this emerging technology present both great opportunities and challenges with potential disruptions for workers, for democracy, and for national security,"" Kilmer said.', '""As AI’s applications expand and change, it is incumbent on lawmakers to address its unique opportunities and challenges by creating a regulatory framework that both encourages growth while guarding against potential risks.""', 'WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)?', 'Rep. Seth Moulton, D-Mass., another member of the working group and a Marine veteran, said he was concerned with how AI would ""transform warfare"" and called on Congress to put up responsible guardrails against the technology\'s most devastating possibilities.', '""It’s going to be impossible for Congress to really stay ahead of AI, but what we can and should do is to take very seriously AI’s most dangerous use cases and develop solutions and safeguards that apply directly to those cases,"" Moulton told Fox News Digital. ""I’m also particularly concerned about how AI will transform warfare. We need a Geneva Convention for AI in warfare so that Beijing or Moscow aren’t empowered to set the goalposts. The New Dems are known for prioritizing practical solutions to our biggest challenges, so this working group makes a lot of sense and I expect it to be very productive.""', 'He also added, ""I’m glad this working group will be focusing on protecting our democratic institutions from AI interference. Trust in our elections is already eroding and AI could do irreparable harm if left unchecked.""', 'WHITE HOUSE GETS SEVEN AI DEVELOPERS TO AGREE TO SAFETY, SECURITY, TRUST GUIDELINES', ""Rep. Derek Kilmer is the new AI working group's chair. "", 'It follows a similar effort by Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who launched a bipartisan AI working group with the aim of crafting regulation earlier this year.\xa0', 'And while efforts to regulate AI appear to be in their infancy so far, it’s already clear that Democrats in Congress’ lower chamber would have a more uphill battle than in the Senate.', 'CRUZ SHOOTS DOWN SCHUMER EFFORT TO REGULATE AI: ‘MORE HARM THAN GOOD’', 'Speaker Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., who set up a bipartisan group of AI learning sessions for House lawmakers alongside Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., told Fox News Digital in April that it was early to start discussing regulatory barriers.\xa0', ""It's likely going to be an uphill battle to get an AI regulatory framework passed in the House, where Speaker Kevin McCarthy has signaled he would be opposed to it at the current moment (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)"", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""What you want to first do, you want to gather all the information,"" he said at the time. ""That\'s why I think the best approach here is to bring in some of the brightest minds to talk about it before you\'re crafting any legislation on it.""', 'Fox News Digital reached out to McCarthy’s office to inquire whether his position has since shifted but did not immediately hear back.\xa0', 'Elizabeth Elkind is a politics reporter for Fox News Digital leading coverage of the House of Representatives. Previous digital bylines seen at Daily Mail and CBS News.', 'Follow on Twitter at @liz_elkind and send tips to elizabeth.elkind@fox.com']"
"[""Calls to regulate artificial intelligence are growing on Capitol Hill following a dire warning from tech giants. But many lawmakers also admit they don't know much more about the technology than the average American."", ""WASHINGTON, D.C. – Calls to regulate artificial intelligence are growing on Capitol Hill following a dire warning from tech giants. But many lawmakers also admit they don't know much more about the technology than the average American."", '""I\'ve had ChatGPT demonstrated to me by a friend, and its capabilities are kind of intimidating,"" Sen. Cynthia Lummis told Fox News. ""They\'re impressive, but the potential for mischief and misuse are high.""', 'Elon Musk and other tech experts signed an open letter with a dire warning about advanced AI development. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)', ""ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 'GODFATHER' ON AI POSSIBLY WIPING OUT HUMANITY: ‘IT'S NOT INCONCEIVABLE’"", 'Tech industry leaders including Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak signed an open letter calling on AI developers to pause training systems more powerful than GPT-4 for at least six months.\xa0', '""Contemporary AI systems are now becoming human-competitive at general tasks,"" posing many risks to society, the letter warns. It asks AI labs to work together to develop safety protocols for advanced AI design.', 'If companies won\'t willingly take a pause, the letter says government should ""step in and institute a moratorium.""\xa0', 'WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE', 'Sen. Lindsey Graham said he\'s ""not very"" familiar with the platforms but is ""amazed"" by what he sees.', '""This is an area of life that needs to have some guidance and regulatory oversight,"" the South Carolina Republican said.', 'Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene said she is ""very familiar"" with ChatGPT following a hearing in the cybersecurity subcommittee.', '""Chat is very dangerous,"" the Georgia Republican said. ""It has a woke leaning. When we asked questions to Chat GPT, the answers were very different given the subject matter. It definitely leaned left, and I think that\'s very worrisome.""', ""Rep. Dan Meuser said he's as familiar with AI platforms like ChatGPT as most people. (Jon Michael Raasch/Fox News Digital)"", 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Rep. Dan Meuser, who estimated he\'s as ""familiar with [AI platforms] as most people,"" had a sunnier outlook.', '""It\'s incredibly interesting,"" the Pennsylvania Republican said. ""It\'s innovation, it\'s technology, it\'s advancement. We\'ve got to embrace it.""', 'To hear more from lawmakers, click here.', 'Hannah Ray Lambert is an associate producer/writer with Fox News Digital Originals.']"
"[""Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel joins 'Fox & Friends' to discuss the benefits of artificial intelligence in the medical industry if used with caution."", 'Artificial intelligence is taking on an ever-widening role in the health and wellness space, assisting with everything from cancer detection to medical documentation. Soon, AI could make it easier for dentists to give patients a more natural, functional smile.', 'Researchers from the University of Hong Kong recently developed an AI algorithm that uses 3D machine learning to design personalized dental crowns with a higher degree of accuracy than traditional methods, according to a press release from the university.', 'The AI analyzes data from the teeth adjacent to the crown to ensure a more natural, precise fit than the crowns created using today’s methods, the researchers said.', 'THESE ARE THE WORST DENTAL MISTAKES YOU CAN MAKE FOR YOUR TEETH', 'The results of the study were published in the journal Dental Materials.', 'A dental crown is a tooth-shaped cap that is placed over an existing tooth or implant to create the look of a natural tooth, according to the American Dental Association (ADA) website.\xa0', 'Researchers from the University of Hong Kong recently developed an AI algorithm that uses 3D machine learning (not shown) to design personalized dental crowns with a higher degree of accuracy than traditional methods. (iStock)', 'A crown is typically used to improve the appearance and function of a damaged, misshapen, weakened or discolored tooth, or to replace a missing tooth when used with an artificial implant.', 'Currently, most dental crowns are made using computer-assisted design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) software.\xa0', 'While this process is a marked improvement over the traditional method of creating crowns, it still has limitations, the release stated.', ""NEW AI ‘CANCER CHATBOT’ PROVIDES PATIENTS AND FAMILIES WITH 24/7 SUPPORT: 'EMPATHETIC APPROACH'"", 'The software uses a ""tooth library"" that contains templates of crowns, but they still need to be manually adjusted to fit each individual patient’s needs.', '""The two existing methods of designing dental crowns result in crowns that are either too large or too thin, and fall short of matching the same lifespan as natural teeth,"" according to the press release.', 'In the Hong Kong study, the researchers used 3D machine learning technology to ""teach"" the AI algorithm over 600 cases of natural and healthy dental results, said Dr. Hao Ding, a co-investigator on the project, in the press release.\xa0', 'Currently, most dental crowns are created using computer-assisted design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) software. (iStock)', '""During the training process, natural teeth’s morphological features were learned by the algorithm, so that it can design dental crowns comparable to a natural tooth — both morphologically and functionally,"" he added.', 'When the researchers compared the AI-designed crowns to the crowns that were created using CAD/CAM methods, the AI versions were found to be superior, both aesthetically and functionally.\xa0', 'AI TOOL GIVES DOCTORS PERSONALIZED ALZHEIMER’S TREATMENT PLANS FOR DEMENTIA PATIENTS', '""This demonstrates that 3D-DCGAN (3D-Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network) could be utilized to design personalized dental crowns with high accuracy that can not only mimic both the morphology and biomechanics of natural teeth, but also operate without any additional human fine-tuning, thus saving additional costs in the production process,"" said principal investigator Dr. James Tsoi in the press release.', 'Clinical trials have already begun for using generative AI to create dental crowns.', '""Many AI approaches design a ‘lookalike’ product, but I believe this is the first project that functionalizes data-driven AI into [a] real dental application,"" he also said.\xa0', ""AI TOOL HELPS DOCTORS MAKE SENSE OF CHAOTIC PATIENT DATA AND IDENTIFY DISEASES: 'MORE MEANINGFUL' INTERACTION"", 'Clinical trials have already begun for using generative AI to create dental crowns. The team hopes to leverage the technology to create dentures and bridges in the future.', 'Fox News Digital reached out to the research team for comment.', 'Tejas Patel, owner of Austin Cosmetic Dentistry in Texas, was not involved in the University of Hong Kong study but reviewed its findings.', '""Creating artificial teeth like dentures and crowns requires quite a bit of time for individual patients,"" one dental professional (not pictured) told Fox News Digital. ""This means a higher cost and more room for error."" (iStock)', '""I have used CAM technology to produce crowns for patients in the past,"" he told Fox News Digital. ""Creating artificial teeth like dentures and crowns requires quite a bit of time for individual patients. This means a higher cost and more room for error.""', 'The idea of using generative AI to create ""near-perfect"" crowns could save time and money, Patel predicted.', '""With the use of generative AI, these processes can more accurately create personalized crowns using previous data and mold them with enough precision to last almost as long as real teeth,"" he said.', ""DENTISTS REVEAL WHY YOU SHOULDN'T BRUSH YOUR TEETH IN THE SHOWER"", 'Additionally, using generative AI in dentistry could allow patients to better maintain their oral health just by taking photos of their teeth, Patel said.', '""Dentists can easily upload patient images to diagnose any illnesses,"" he said.\xa0', 'However, with the need to perform clinical trials, it could be quite some time before this technology is available in the U.S., Patel pointed out.', 'A dental crown is typically used to improve the appearance and function of a damaged, misshapen, weakened or discolored tooth — or to replace a missing tooth when used with an artificial implant. (iStock)', '""Other researchers might pick it up sooner, but patients will only see the benefits by next year or a bit later,"" he predicted.', 'Privacy risks could also be a concern, Patel warned.', 'Dental technician jobs might be lost.\xa0', '""Generative AI uses a database of accumulated patient data, and this data could be breached if the necessary cybersecurity steps are not taken,"" he said.', 'Another potential disadvantage of AI in dentistry is that dental technician jobs might be lost, noted Fatima Khan, dentist and co-founder at Riven Oral Care in Houston, Texas.\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""Dental technicians who have perfected their craft and have a keen eye for aesthetics have higher lab fees,"" explained Khan, who was not involved in the Hong Kong study.\xa0', '""Over time, as more cases are entered into the dental library, they may become superior to those of an individual lab technician due to the amount of data being analyzed and perfected.""', 'CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER', 'The other downfall, Khan noted, is that dentists and technicians will become more dependent on equipment, which could potentially malfunction.', 'Melissa Rudy is health editor and a member of the lifestyle team at Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to melissa.rudy@fox.com.']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Matt Finn has the latest on the impact of AI technology that some say could outpace humans on 'Special Report.'"", 'Former Google CEO Eric Schmidt said the tech industry will face a ""reckoning"" over artificial intelligence, comparing the potential dangers of the technology to the risks associated with social media when the platforms were first rolled out years ago.\xa0', '""What happened with social media is we, including myself, just offered social media because we had a simple model of how humans would use social media. But, instead, look at how social media was used to interfere in elections, to cause harm. People have died over social media,"" Schmidt told ABC News on Sunday.\xa0', '""No one meant that as [the] goal, and yet it happened. How do we prevent that with this [AI] technology?""', 'Schmidt led Google for a decade, before becoming the company’s executive chairman from 2011-2015 and the executive chairman of Google’s parent company Alphabet from 2015 to 2018. He warned in the interview that the tech community will face a ""reckoning"" over how to make the increasingly more powerful AI models solely helpful to users.\xa0', ""TECH CEO WARNS AI RISKS 'HUMAN EXTINCTION' AS EXPERTS RALLY BEHIND SIX-MONTH PAUSE"", ""Eric Schmidt speaks at Chainlink's SmartCon Web3 Conference on Sept. 28, 2022, in New York City. (Eugene Gologursky/Getty Images\xa0)"", '""We, collectively, in our industry, face a reckoning of, how do we want to make sure this stuff doesn’t harm but just helps?"" he said.\xa0', 'Schmidt said AI has become ""remarkable"" and has the potential to better the world, pointing to a hypothetical where artificial intelligence doctors can make people ""healthier.""\xa0', ""AI COULD GO 'TERMINATOR,' GAIN UPPER HAND OVER HUMANS IN DARWINIAN RULES OF EVOLUTION, REPORT WARNS"", '""Imagine a world where you have an AI tutor that increases the educational capability of everyone in every language globally. These are remarkable. And these technologies, which are generally known as large language models, are clearly going to do this,"" Schmidt added.', 'But he then hypothesized about AI causing disorder with disinformation online or even leading to human-AI romance.\xa0', 'Eric Schmidt hypothesized about AI causing disorder with disinformation online or even leading to human-AI romance. (Reuters/Dado Ruvic/Illustration)', '""But, at the same time, they face extraordinary – we face extraordinary new challenges from these things, whether it’s the deepfakes… or what happens when people fall in love with their AI tutor?"" Schmidt said.\xa0', '""I\'m much more worried about the use in biology, or in cyberattacks, or in that sort of thing, and especially in manipulating the way the body politic works, and in particular how democracies work,"" he added.\xa0', 'Schmidt’s comments follow the release of an open letter signed by thousands of tech leaders, researchers and others calling for a pause on research at AI labs that are creating programs more powerful than GPT-4, OpenAI’s latest and wildly popular deep learning chatbot.\xa0', ""TECH CEO WARNS AI RISKS 'HUMAN EXTINCTION' AS EXPERTS RALLY BEHIND SIX-MONTH PAUSE"", 'Screens display the logos of OpenAI and ChatGPT on Jan. 23, 2023. (Lionel Bonaventure/AFP via Getty Images)', '""AI systems with human-competitive intelligence can pose profound risks to society and humanity, as shown by extensive research and acknowledged by top AI labs,"" the letter, released last week and signed by tech leaders such as Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, begins.\xa0', 'The letter calls for an at least six-month pause on powerful AI research so policymakers and AI leaders can ""develop and implement a set of shared safety protocols for advanced AI design and development that are rigorously audited and overseen by independent outside experts.""', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""AI research and development should be refocused on making today\'s powerful, state-of-the-art systems more accurate, safe, interpretable, transparent, robust, aligned, trustworthy, and loyal,"" the letter states.']"
"[""Fox News correspondent Mark Meredith has the latest on ChatGPT on 'Special Report.'"", ""Generative artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms like ChatGPT pose substantial dangers but also offer enormous benefits for education, businesses, and people's ability to efficiently produce vast amounts of information, according to AI experts."", '""Skynet--that doesn\'t exist. The machines aren\'t out there killing everybody and it\'s not self-aware yet,"" NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) Chief Technology and Innovation Officer Dr. Chris Mattmann told Fox News Digital.', 'He described generative AI as an ""accelerated rapid fire"" system where the whole human experience is dumped into a model and, with the help of massive scale and computing power, is trained continuously 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.', '""ChatGPT has over a trillion neurons in it,"" Mattmann said. ""It is as complex, as functional as the brain or a portion of the brain.""', 'POTENTIAL GOOGLE KILLER COULD CHANGE US WORKFORCE AS WE KNOW IT', 'NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) Chief Technology and Innovation Officer Dr. Chris Mattmann speaks with Fox News Digital about generative artificial intelligence and deep neural networks.\xa0 (Fox News)', ""While people may overestimate generative AI's sentient capabilities, Mattmann, who also serves as an adjunct professor at the University of Southern California, did note that people underestimate the technology in other ways."", 'There are machine learning models today that outperform humans on tests like vision, listening and translation between various languages.', ""In December, ChatGPT outperformed some Ivy League students at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business on a final exam."", '""The one thing I tell people is computers don\'t get tired. Computers don\'t have to turn off,"" Mattmann said.', 'The combination of these AI advantages will fundamentally revolutionize and automate activities and jobs among industries like fast food and manufacturing, he added, noting the importance of understanding skill transitions.\xa0', '""Does that mean all those people all of a sudden should be dependent on the government and lose their jobs? No,"" Mattmann said. ""We sometimes know this five, ten years in advance. We should be considering what types of subject matter expertise, what types of different activities, what are the prompts that those workers should be putting their subject matter data and all their knowledge into, because that\'s where we\'re going to be behind and we\'re going to need to help those automation activities.""', 'Mattmann added that it was no surprise OpenAI had built ChatGPT, considering its massive investments from Microsoft, Elon Musk and other major tech players.', 'Google is also making similar products and is a significant investor in DALL E, another intelligence created by OpenAI that creates pictures and paintings.', '""These big internet companies that curate and capture the data for the internet is really the fuel; it\'s the crude for these data-hungry algorithms,"" Mattmann said.', 'OPENAI TO OFFER CHATGPT SUBSCRIPTION PLAN FOR $20 A MONTH', 'Datagrade founder and CEO Joe Toscano talks about some of the concerns and benefits related to generative artificial intelligence.\xa0 (Fox News)', 'Datagrade founder and CEO Joe Toscano cited multiple levels of risk regarding generative AI like ChatGPT.', 'Last week, it was revealed CNET issued corrections on 41 of 77 stories written using an AI tool. They included, among other things, large statistical errors, according to a story broken by Futurism.\xa0', 'Toscano, a former Google consultant, said that while industries can use these tools to boost economic efficiency, they could also cut some jobs and leave essays, articles, and online text susceptible to incorrect information. These errors may be overlooked and taken as truth by the average internet skimmer, which could pose problematic results for online communication.', 'A Princeton University student recently created an app that claims to be capable of detecting whether an AI wrote an essay. However, many of these tools are still in the early stages and produce mixed results.', 'Toscano said that stamps or verification tags on articles, websites and art that state ""this was generated by and created entirely by a machine"" could be pertinent in the near future.', '""If we don\'t have humans in the loop to ensure truth and integrity in the information, then we\'re going to, I think, head towards a dystopian world where we don\'t know true from false, and we just blindly trust things. I\'m not excited about that. I\'m concerned quite a bit,"" he added.', 'Despite concerns, Toscano expressed excitement about the future of AI and said it could produce vast benefits if used responsibly.', '""The AI is going to help us think through things we never were capable of before, to be quite honest,"" he said.', 'Citing examples, he discussed a situation where AI could be used in landscaping or architecture. While a team could come together and produce three concepts in a week to bring back to a customer, an AI could produce 1,000 concepts, speeding up the process for the landscaping team and making it cheaper for the consumer.', 'He noted that AI could also be deployed for conversational use with humans, like mental health assessments.', 'However, he said these situations had produced some roadblocks. While the machines have been effective, patients often shut down when they realize they are speaking to an algorithm. He said that while we might not be far off from movies like ""M3GAN,"" with AI\'s mimicking human conversation and emotion (minus the killing and sabotage), they are better deployed in systems that are objective, mathematical, or empirically driven.', '""The future I want to see is one where we use artificial intelligence to amplify our abilities rather than replace us,"" Toscano said.', 'CHATGPT MAKER RELEASES AI DETECTION TOOL AFTER SCHOOL DISTRICTS COMPLAIN OF CHEATING', 'Co-founder and CEO of Fiddler Krishna Gade discusses the importance of transparency and explainability in artificial intelligence models.\xa0 (Fox News)', 'Fiddler co-founder and CEO Krishna Gade also expressed concern about data privacy breaches involving sensitive materials like personally identifiable information. He said that without the transparency and ability to explain how a model arrives at this conclusion, it could lead to many problems.', 'Gade, a former lead AI engineer at Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter, also said it was too early to implement AI in high-stakes decisions, like asking for first aid instructions or performing complicated medical procedures.', '""How do you know that the response is reliable and accurate? What kind of sources that it\'s going through?"" he said.', 'He added that many AI models are essentially a ""black box"" where the lineage and origin of the information are not immediately apparent, and guardrails should be implemented to make this information easily obtainable with explainability and transparency baked into it.', 'Gade also warned that models could contain societal and historical biases because of the information being fed. Based on the training and data pool it pulls from, a model could exhibit common stereotypes about women or religions. He pointed to an example where a model could associate Muslims with violence.', 'Generative AI is the latest in a long line of large language models. Neil Chilson, a senior fellow for tech and innovation at the nonprofit Stand Together, described it as a model that uses extensive collections of statistics to create new content nearly indistinguishable from the writing of a human. \xa0', 'You ask it questions and have a conversation with it, and it tries to predict the statistically best input, typically a word, sentence, or paragraph, using a significant portion of all the written text publicly available on the internet. The more data dumped in, the better the AI typically performs.', 'These forms of AI often use neural network-based models, which assign probabilities into a large matrix of variables and filter through a vast network of connections to produce an output.', 'CHATGPT BEING USED TO WRITE MALWARE, RANSOMWARE: REPORTS', '""It is not reasoning the way you and I would reason,"" Chilson, a former Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chief Technologist, told Fox News Digital.', '""The important distinction is that these systems are statistical, not logical,"" Chilson said, noting people ""mythologize"" AI models as if they are thinking like them.', 'These models are updated through adversarial interaction. In one example, a model creates a test for the other to answer and they improve by fighting with each other. Sometimes the other model is a human, which reviews the content by asking the AI to answer different prompts before grading the responses.', 'Although ChatGPT has been around for several years, there has been a leap forward in the user interface that has made it more accessible to general consumers, in addition to some incremental improvements to the algorithm.', 'Chilson said the program is good at helping writers get rid of a blank page and brainstorm new ideas, a novelty that has interested major tech companies.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""Microsoft, for instance, has expressed a desire to incorporate OpenAI's technology into their office suite."", '""I don\'t think it will be that long until those small suggestions you get on your Word document or Google Mail actually become a bit longer and more sophisticated,"" Chilson said. ""All of these tools reduce the barrier to average people becoming creators of things that are quite interesting and attractive. There\'s going to be an explosion of creators and creativity using these tools.""', 'Nikolas Lanum is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.']"
"['Vice President Kamala Harris on Wednesday explained artificial intelligence as she convened a roundtable with labor and civil rights leaders to talk about the technology.', ""Vice President Kamala Harris' attempt to explain artificial intelligence (AI) to a group of labor and civil rights leaders on Wednesday instead became her latest word salad gaffe, something she's become increasingly known for during her time in the role."", '""I think the first part of this issue that should be articulated is AI is kind of a fancy thing,"" Harris said during the roundtable at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C. ""First of all, it\'s two letters. It means artificial intelligence, but ultimately what it is, is it\'s about machine learning.', '""And so, the machine is taught — and part of the issue here is what information is going into the machine that will then determine — and we can predict then, if we think about what information is going in, what then will be produced in terms of decisions and opinions that may be made through that process.""\xa0', ""KAMALA HARRIS RIDICULED FOR ‘NONSENSE’ COMMENTS AT TRANSPORTATION ROUNDTABLE: ‘SHE CAN’T BE SERIOUS'"", 'Vice President Kamala Harris speaks during a meeting with civil rights leaders and consumer protection experts to discuss the societal impact of artificial intelligence, in the Eisenhower Executive Office building in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP via Getty Images)', '""So to reduce it down to its most simple point, this is part of the issue that we have here is thinking about what is going into a decision, and then whether that decision is actually legitimate and reflective of the needs and the life experiences of all the people,"" she said.', 'Harris continued her wordy statement by discussing the need for ""transparency"" in the process of AI technology and its impact on decision-making.\xa0', 'Her gaffe comes just one day after she was ridiculed for more ""nonsense"" comments during a roundtable discussion on transportation.', ""KAMALA HARRIS' ‘WORD SALADS’ DEFENDED ON ‘THE VIEW:’ LAWYERS ‘SPEAK IN THREES SO PEOPLE REMEMBER’"", 'Vice President Kamala Harris waves as she departs after speaking at the Tribal Nations Summit in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus in Washington, D.C., on Nov. 16, 2021. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)', '""This issue of transportation is fundamentally about just making sure that people have the ability to get where they need to go! It\'s that basic,"" she said in an obvious statement.', 'In April, Harris made more puzzling comments during a pro-abortion rally about the ""importance of the moment.""', '""So I think it\'s very important — as you have heard from so many incredible leaders for us at every moment in time and certainly this one — to see the moment in time in which we exist and are present, and to be able to contextualize it, to understand where we exist in the history and in the moment as it relates not only to the past but the future,"" she said.', 'Vice President Kamala Harris talks about kids who have complained to her about their problems with ""climate mental health"" during a recent conference in Florida. (Screenshot/Twitter)', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Brandon Gillespie is an associate editor at Fox News. Follow him on X at @BGillespieAL.']"
"[""Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com."", 'The European Union on Monday launched a project to collect and aggregate cancer imaging data in an effort to speed up innovation and early cancer diagnosis using artificial intelligence.', 'The new European Cancer Imaging Initiative will give clinicians, researchers and innovators ""easy access to large amounts of cancer imaging data"", the European Commission said in a statement.', '""A cross-border, interoperable, and secure infrastructure that will preserve privacy will speed up innovation in medical research. For example, it will be possible to train new technologies that use artificial intelligence (AI) on a large dataset.""', 'CANCER BLOOD TEST USING DNA FRAGMENTS BRINGS HOPE FOR EARLIER DETECTION, SAY RESEARCHERS', ""The project is in line with the EU's data strategy and is compliant with the EU's data protection legislation, known as GDPR, according to the statement."", 'EU Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides said in a speech for the launch that digital technology is changing the understanding of how cancer develops. The new data project links with existing EU efforts to extend routine screening for breast, cervical and colorectal cancer to 90% of eligible Europeans.', 'European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Stella Kyriakides delivers a speech in France, on Nov. 24, 2021.\xa0 (Julien Warnand/Pool via REUTERS)', 'European companies that are working on artificial intelligence systems to help diagnose and treat cancer include medical scanner makers Philips and Siemens Healthineers, as well as X-ray contrast media maker Bayer. To strengthen those efforts, Bayer last week agreed to acquire Blackford Analysis Ltd., a British developer of AI to help diagnose disease from medical images.', 'When contacted by Reuters, Philips and Healthineers cheered the initiative, saying that large amounts of data would be instrumental in creating and validating new diagnostic tools.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', '""We strongly support the ambition to accelerate the development of algorithms by creating larger data lakes of critical medical images,"" said Germany\'s Healthineers.', '""It offers us a safe and secure platform to get access to health data in oncology,"" said Rob Smeets, Director for Innovation and Strategy in the Chief Technology Office at Philips.']"
"['FOX News’ Bill Melugin reports on border agents apprehending 7K migrants a day and the holding cells spilling over capacity.', 'The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on Thursday unveiled new guardrails for its use of artificial intelligence in carrying out its mission to secure the border.\xa0', 'The new policies were developed by DHS Artificial Intelligence Task Force (AITF), which DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas created in April. \xa0\xa0', 'In announcing these new policies, DHS noted that AI has been critical to its missions, including combating fentanyl trafficking, strengthening supply chain security, countering sexual exploitation, and protecting critical infrastructure.\xa0', 'ARIZONA BORDER COUNTY BLINDSIDED AS BIDEN ADMIN ORDERS STREET RELEASE OF ILLEGAL MIGRANTS', 'The Department of Homeland Security logo is seen during a news conference in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)', 'Mayorkas writes in the AI policy memo, expected to be released later Thursday, that the US must ensure AI is ""rigorously tested to be effective [and] safeguards privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties while avoiding inappropriate biases.""\xa0', 'DHS has already used AI technology extensively on the southern border, most notably with the use of more than 200 surveillance cameras to detect and flag where human crossings occur.\xa0', 'DHS says it has appointed Chief Information Officer (CIO) Eric Hysen as the Department’s first Chief AI Officer. Hysen, who was set to appear before Congress Thursday, will promote AI innovation and safety within the Department, DHS said.\xa0', 'MIGRANT NUMBER OVERWHELMING ARIZONA BORDER FACILITIES AMID NEW WAVE AS STREET RELEASES BEGIN', '""I think the potential for unintended harm from the use of AI exists in any federal agency and in any use of AI,"" Hysten said. ""We interact with more people on a daily basis than any other federal agency. And when we interact with people, it can be during some of the most critical times of their lives.""\xa0', 'Historically, academics have flagged the dangers of AI regarding racial profiling because it can still make errors while identifying relationships in complex data.\xa0', 'As part of the new policy, Americans are able to decline the use of facial recognition technology in a variety of situations, including during air travel check-ins.\xa0', 'New sections of the steel bollard-style border wall, comprising primary and secondary barriers, stands along the US-Mexico border between San Diego and Tijuana (L) during a tour with US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) on May 10, 2021, in the Otay Mesa area of San Diego County, California.\xa0 (PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty Images)', 'DHS’ new guidelines will also require that facial recognition matches discovered using AI technology be manually reviewed by human analysts to ensure their accuracy, according to a new directive that the agency plans to release alongside the AI memo.', 'MAYORKAS OFFICIALLY CANCELS HOMELAND SECURITY DISINFORMATION GOVERNANCE BOARD', 'During a congressional hearing, Hysen planned to highlight a recent case at California\'s San Isidro Port of Entry where agents with Customs and Border Patrol had used advanced machine learning (ML) models to flag an otherwise unremarkable car driving north from Mexico for having a ""potentially suspicious pattern.""\xa0', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', ""Agents later discovered 75 kilograms of drugs in the car's gas tank and rear quarter panels."", 'Reuters contributed to this report.', 'Bradford Betz is a Fox News Digital breaking reporter covering crime, political issues, and much more.\xa0']"
"['Doctors believe artificial intelligence is now saving lives after a major advancement in breast cancer screenings. AI is detecting early signs of the disease, in some cases years before doctors would find the cancer on a traditional scan.', 'People suffering from dementia could live more independently thanks to a pair of AI-powered socks that can track everything from a patient’s heart rate to movement.', 'Called ""SmartSocks,"" the AI-powered apparel was created in partnership between the University of Exeter and researchers at the start-up company Milbotix, according to SWNS. The socks can monitor a patient’s heart rate, sweat levels and motion to prevent falls while also promoting independence for those with dementia.', '""SmartSocks are designed to recognise early signs of distress that the person living with dementia is unable to communicate themselves. We aim to help the person’s carer spot signs that something is amiss before the person’s wellbeing is impacted or their behaviour escalates (agitated and aggressive behaviours are forms of communication that tend to occur when the person is distressed),"" SmartSocks creator Zeke Steer, CEO of Milbotix, told Fox News Digital in emailed comment.\xa0', '""I came up with the idea for SmartSocks while volunteering in a dementia care home,"" he added in comment to told SWNS. ""The current product is the result of extensive research, consultation and development.""', ""TALK THERAPY? AI MAY DETECT 'EARLIEST SYMPTOMS' OF DEMENTIA BY ANALYZING SPEECH PATTERNS\xa0"", 'Creator Zeke Steer holds a pair of SmartSocks that could help dementia patients live more independently. (SWNS)', 'Steer’s great-grandmother suffered from dementia, which also helped spark the creation of the socks.\xa0', '""The foot is actually a great place to collect data about stress, and socks are a familiar piece of clothing that people wear every day; our research shows that socks can accurately recognize signs of stress, which could really help not just those with dementia but their caregivers, too"" Steer, who has a background in robotics and AI, told SWNS.', 'WHAT IS CHATGPT?', 'The socks send the data collected from the patient to an app, which flags caregivers when the patient appears to be in distress. The warning could prevent falls and even tragedies as caregivers can respond to a patient before their stress escalates.', '""I think the idea of SmartSocks is an excellent way forward to help detect when a person is starting to feel anxious or fearful,"" said Margot Whittaker, director of nursing and compliance at Southern Healthcare in the U.K.', 'AI TOOL GIVES DOCTORS PERSONALIZED ALZHEIMER’S TREATMENT PLANS FOR DEMENTIA PATIENTS', 'SmartSocks do not need to be recharged and can be machine washed. (SWNS)', 'A handful of care homes overseen by Southern Healthcare, including The Old Rectory in Exeter, are already testing the tech-powered socks on patients, who report they are happy with how easy the socks are to use.', '""Anything that\'s simple and easy to do, and is improving our look at life as a whole, I\'m happy with,"" dementia patient John Piper, 83, told the BBC.', 'INTERNET USE BY SENIORS ON REGULAR BASIS COULD SLASH THEIR DEMENTIA RISK, STUDY SUGGESTS', 'The socks do not need to be recharged, according to Milbotix’s website, and can be machine washed.', 'There are other products on the market that can also track a dementia patient’s heart rate or sweat levels, but they often come in the form of wristbands and watches, which can pose issues to those with dementia.', ""A man wears a pair of SmartSocks, which can monitor a dementia patient's heart rate and sweat levels. (SWNS)"", '""Wearable devices are fast becoming an important way of monitoring health and activity,"" Imperial College London’s Health and Social Care Lead Sarah Daniels told SWNS. ""At our center, we have been trialing a range of wristbands and watches. However, these devices present a number of challenges for older adults and people affected by dementia.""', 'WHAT IS AI?', 'Daniels said wristbands or watches often don’t hold long charges and are taken off by patients and then lost.', '""SmartSocks offer a new and promising alternative, which could avoid many of these issues,"" Daniels said.', 'The University of Exeter is investigating how beneficial the socks are for dementia patients.', 'CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP', 'Artificial intelligence platforms are revamping health care across many disciplines, including another U.K.-based system called CognoSpeak, which can monitor speech patterns in a bid to detect early signs of dementia or Alzheimer’s.']"
